The jury further said in term-end presentments that the City Executive Committee , which had over-all charge of the election , `` deserves the praise and thanks of the City of Atlanta '' for the manner in which the election was conducted .
The September-October term jury had been charged by Fulton Superior Court Judge Durwood Pye to investigate reports of possible `` irregularities '' in the hard-fought primary which was won by Mayor-nominate Ivan Allen Jr. .
The grand jury commented on a number of other topics , among them the Atlanta and Fulton County purchasing departments which it said `` are well operated and follow generally accepted practices which inure to the best interest of both governments '' .
However , the jury said it believes `` these two offices should be combined to achieve greater efficiency and reduce the cost of administration '' .
`` This is one of the major items in the Fulton County general assistance program '' , the jury said , but the State Welfare Department `` has seen fit to distribute these funds through the welfare departments of all the counties in the state with the exception of Fulton County , which receives none of this money .
The jury also commented on the Fulton ordinary's court which has been under fire for its practices in the appointment of appraisers , guardians and administrators and the awarding of fees and compensation .
Regarding Atlanta's new multi-million-dollar airport , the jury recommended `` that when the new management takes charge Jan. 1 the airport be operated in a manner that will eliminate political influences '' .
Fulton legislators `` work with city officials to pass enabling legislation that will permit the establishment of a fair and equitable '' pension plan for city employes .
He will be succeeded by Ivan Allen Jr. , who became a candidate in the Sept. 13 primary after Mayor Hartsfield announced that he would not run for reelection .
State Party Chairman James W. Dorsey added that enthusiasm was picking up for a state rally to be held Sept. 8 in Savannah at which newly elected Texas Sen. John Tower will be the featured speaker .
Despite the warning , there was a unanimous vote to enter a candidate , according to Republicans who attended .
When the crowd was asked whether it wanted to wait one more term to make the race , it voted no -- and there were no dissents .
The largest hurdle the Republicans would have to face is a state law which says that before making a first race , one of two alternative courses must be taken : 1
The Republicans must hold a primary under the county unit system -- a system which the party opposes in its platform .
He will be succeeded by Rob Ledford of Gainesville , who has been an assistant more than three years .
When the gubernatorial campaign starts , Caldwell is expected to become a campaign coordinator for Byrd .
The Georgia Legislature will wind up its 1961 session Monday and head for home -- where some of the highway bond money it approved will follow shortly .
Before adjournment Monday afternoon , the Senate is expected to approve a study of the number of legislators allotted to rural and urban areas to determine what adjustments should be made .
The department apparently intends to make the Rural Roads Authority a revolving fund under which new bonds would be issued every time a portion of the old ones are paid off by tax authorities .
The Highway Department source told The Constitution , however , that Vandiver has not been consulted yet about the plans to issue the new rural roads bonds .
While emphasizing that technical details were not fully worked out , Pelham said his resolution would seek to set aside the privilege resolution which the House voted through 87-31 .
Barber , who is in his 13th year as a legislator , said there `` are some members of our congressional delegation in Washington who would like to see it ( the resolution ) passed '' .
The resolution , which Barber tossed into the House hopper Friday , will be formally read Monday .
The new school superintendent is Harry Davis , a veteran agriculture teacher , who defeated Felix Bush , a school principal and chairman of the Miller County Democratic Executive Committee .
The campaign leading to the election was not so quiet , however .
Daniel personally led the fight for the measure , which he had watered down considerably since its rejection by two previous Legislatures , in a public hearing before the House Committee on Revenue and Taxation .
But questions with which committee members taunted bankers appearing as witnesses left little doubt that they will recommend passage of it .
He told the committee the measure would merely provide means of enforcing the escheat law which has been on the books `` since Texas was a republic '' .
The bill , which Daniel said he drafted personally , would force banks , insurance firms , pipeline companies and other corporations to report such property to the state treasurer .
Dewey Lawrence , a Tyler lawyer representing the Texas Bankers Association , sounded the opposition keynote when he said it would force banks to violate their contractual obligations with depositors and undermine the confidence of bank customers .
Operating budget for the day schools in the five counties of Dallas , Harris , Bexar , Tarrant and El Paso would be $451,500 , which would be a savings of $157,460 yearly after the first year's capital outlay of $88,000 was absorbed , Parkhouse told the Senate .
While details are still to be worked out , Ratcliff said he expects to tell home folks in Dallas why he thinks Berry's proposed constitutional amendment should be rejected .
A House committee which heard his local option proposal is expected to give it a favorable report , although the resolution faces hard sledding later .
The third amended the enabling act for creation of the Lamar county Hospital District , for which a special constitutional amendment previously was adopted .
One , by Sen. Louis Crump of San Saba , would aid more than 17,000 retailers who pay a group of miscellaneous excise taxes by eliminating the requirement that each return be notarized .
Instead , retailers would sign a certificate of correctness , violation of which would carry a penalty of one to five years in prison , plus a $1,000 fine .
The other bill , by Sen. A. M. Aikin Jr. of Paris , would relieve real estate brokers , who pay their own annual licensing fee , from the $12 annual occupation license on brokers in such as stocks and bonds .
-- State representatives decided Thursday against taking a poll on what kind of taxes Texans would prefer to pay .
An adverse vote of 81 to 65 kept in the State Affairs Committee a bill which would order the referendum on the April 4 ballot , when Texas votes on a U.S. senator .
All Dallas members voted with Roberts , except Rep. Bill Jones , who was absent .
When the shouting ended , the bill passed , 114 to 4 , sending it to the Senate , where a similar proposal is being sponsored by Sen. George Parkhouse of Dallas .
Cotten construed this as a veiled effort by Parkhouse to help Dallas and other large cities get money which Cotten felt could better be spent providing water for rural Texas .
Rep. Henry C. Grover , who teaches history in the Houston public schools , would reduce from 24 to 12 semester hours the so-called `` teaching methods '' courses required to obtain a junior or senior high school teaching certificate .
`` A person with a master's degree in physics , chemistry , math or English , yet who has not taken Education courses , is not permitted to teach in the public schools '' , said Grover .
Dr. Clark will succeed Dr. J. R. McLemore , who will retire at the close of the present school term .
`` We must solve the problems which have forced these people to depend upon ADC for subsistence '' , Martin said .
The volume of ADC cases will decrease , Martin reported , when the community is able to deal effectively with two problems : Relatively limited skills and discrimination in employment because of color .
Bellows made the disclosure when he asked Judge Parsons to grant his client , Alan Clements , 30 , a separate trial .
It is impossible to get a fair trial when some of the defendants made statements involving themselves and others '' .
`` What this amounts to , if true , is that there will be a free-for-all fight in this case .
The President spent much of the week-end at his summer home on Cape Cod writing the first drafts of portions of the address with the help of White House aids in Washington with whom he talked by telephone .
The last 10 cases in the investigation of the Nov. 8 election were dismissed yesterday by Acting Judge John M. Karns , who charged that the prosecution obtained evidence `` by unfair and fundamentally illegal means '' .
`` Actually , the abuse of the process may have constituted a contempt of the Criminal court of Cook county , altho vindication of the authority of that court is not the function of this court '' , said Karns , who is a City judge in East St. Louis sitting in Cook County court .
Wexler had charged the precinct judges in these cases with `` complementary '' miscount of the vote , in which votes would be taken from one candidate and given to another .
After reading his statement discharging the 23d ward case , Karns told Wexler that if the seven cases scheduled for trial also involved persons who had been subpenaed , he would dismiss them .
-- President Kennedy today proposed a mammoth new medical care program whereby social security taxes on 70 million American workers would be raised to pay the hospital and some other medical bills of 14.2 million Americans over 65 who are covered by social security or railroad retirement programs .
The aged care plan carries these benefits for persons over 65 who are under the social security and railroad retirement systems : 1
A patient could receive up to 300 days paid-for nursing home care under a `` unit formula '' allowing more of such care for those who use none or only part of the hospital-care credit .
He said his plan is designed to `` meet the needs of those millions who have no wish to receive care at the taxpayers' expense , but who are nevertheless staggered by the drain on their savings -- or those of their children -- caused by an extended hospital stay '' .
Legislators who last year opposed placing aged-care under the social security system criticized the President's plan .
Those who backed a similar plan last year hailed the message .
This has been a working session of an organization that , by its very nature , can only proceed along its route step by step and without dramatic changes .
This atmosphere of understanding has been particularly noticeable where relations are concerned between the `` colonialist '' powers and those who have never , or not for a long time , had such problems .
The nightmare of a clash between those in trouble in Africa , exacerbated by the difficulties , changes , and tragedies facing them , and other allies who intellectually and emotionally disapprove of the circumstances that have brought these troubles about , has been conspicuous by its absence .
In the case of Portugal , which a few weeks ago was rumored ready to walk out of the NATO Council should critics of its Angola policy prove harsh , there has been a noticeable relaxation of tension .
The Secretary of State himself , in his first speech , gave some idea of the tremendous march of events inside and outside the United States that has preoccupied the new administration in the past four months .
But where the core of NATO is concerned , the Secretary of State has not only reiterated the United States' profound attachment to the alliance , `` cornerstone '' of its foreign policy , but has announced that five nuclear submarines will eventually be at NATO's disposal in European waters .
The secretary's greatest achievement is perhaps the rekindling of NATO realization that East-West friction , wherever it take place around the globe , is in essence the general conflict between two entirely different societies , and must be treated as such without regard to geographical distance or lack of apparent connection .
The annual spring meeting has given an impetus in three main directions : more , deeper , and more timely political consultation within the alliance , the use of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development ( when ratified ) as a method of coordinating aid to the underdeveloped countries , and the need for strengthening conventional forces as well as the maintenance of the nuclear deterrent .
The United States , State Department officials explain , now is mainly interested in setting up an international inspection system which will prevent Laos from being used as a base for Communist attacks on neighboring Thailand and South Viet Nam .
How effective have Kennedy administration first foreign policy decisions been in dealing with Communist aggression ? ?
He was critical of what he feels is President Kennedy's tendency to be too conciliatory .
One Republican senator told this correspondent that he was constantly being asked why he didn't attack the Kennedy administration on this score .
and concentrate its constructive efforts on eliminating in other parts of Latin America the social conditions on which totalitarian nationalism feeds '' .
Until the Cuban fiasco and the Communist military victories in Laos , almost any observer would have said that President Kennedy had blended a program that respected , generally , the opinions voiced both by Mr. Nixon and the professors .
( Some SEATO nations disagreed , however .
The pro-Western government , which the United States had helped in a revolt against the Souvanna Phouma `` neutralist '' government , never did appear to spark much fighting spirit in the Royal Lao Army .
If the administration ever had any ideas that it could find an acceptable alternative to Prince Souvanna Phouma , whom it felt was too trusting of Communists , it gradually had to relinquish them .
Mr. Hawksley said he believed there are a number of qualified city residents who would be willing to take the full-time CD job .
One advantage that would come to the city in having a full-time director , he said , is that East Providence would become eligible to apply to the federal government for financial aid in purchasing equipment needed for a sound civil defense program .
Speaking of the present status of civil defense in the city , Mr. Hawksley said he would be willing to bet that not more than one person in a hundred would know what to do or where to go in the event of an enemy attack .
Mr. Hawksley said he was not critical of city residents for not knowing what to do or where to assemble in case of an air attack .
The governor wrote Miss Grant that he has been concerned for some time `` with the continuous problem which confronts our local and state law enforcement officers as a result of the laws regulating Sunday sales '' .
The statutes , similar in both the Bay State and Rhode Island and dating back in some instances to colonial times , severely limit the types of merchandise that may be sold on the Sabbath .
The small shops `` must be retained , for they provide essential service to the community '' , according to the resolution , which added that they `` also are the source of livelihood for thousands of our neighbors '' .
That , he added , was when he was `` a very young man , a machinist and toolmaker by trade .
The lawyer with whom I studied law steered me off the Socialist track .
He said that when he was a Socialist in 1910 , the party called for government operation of all utilities and the pooling of all resources .
Mr. Reama , who retired as vice president of the American Screw Co. in 1955 said , `` Both parties in the last election told us that we need a five per cent growth in the gross national product -- but neither told us how to achieve it '' .
He said he favors wage increases for workers -- `` but manufacturers are caught in a profit squeeze '' -- and raises should only come when the public is conditioned to higher prices , he added .
Indicating the way in which he has turned his back on his 1910 philosophy , Mr. Reama said : `` A Socialist is a person who believes in dividing everything he does not own '' .
A petition bearing the signatures of more than 1,700 Johnston taxpayers was presented to the town council last night as what is hoped will be the first step in obtaining a home rule charter for the town .
The law which governs home rule charter petitions states that they must be referred to the chairman of the board of canvassers for verification of the signatures within 10 days and Mr. Martinelli happens to hold that post .
A difference of opinion arose between Mr. Martinelli and John P. Bourcier , town solicitor , over the exact manner in which the vote is handled .
He said that the group has no candidates for the charter commission in mind at present , but that it will undoubtedly endorse candidates when the time comes .
`` Our most immediate goal is to increase public awareness of the movement '' , he indicated , `` and to tell them what this will mean for the town '' .
Misunderstanding of the real meaning of a home rule charter was cited as a factor which has caused the Citizens Group to obtain signatures under what were termed `` false pretenses '' .
Action on a new ordinance permitting motorists who plead guilty to minor traffic offenses to pay fines at the local police station may be taken at Monday's special North Providence Town Council meeting .
Mitchell was for using it , Jones against , and Sen. Wayne Dumont Jr. R-Warren did not mention it when the three Republican gubernatorial candidates spoke at staggered intervals before 100 persons at the Park Hotel .
Hughes said Monday , `` It is the apparent intention of the Republican Party to campaign on the carcass of what they call Eisenhower Republicanism , but the heart stopped beating and the lifeblood congealed after Eisenhower retired .
`` How can a man with any degree of common decency charge this '' ? ?
He then launched into what the issues should be in the campaign .
The state is now faced with the immediate question of raising new taxes whether on utilities , real estate or motor vehicles , he said , `` and I challenge Mitchell to tell the people where he stands on the tax issue '' .
His reference to ' discredited carcass ' or ' tattered remains ' of the president's leadership is an insult to the man who led our forces to victory in the greatest war in all history , to the man who was twice elected overwhelmingly by the American people as president of the United States , and who has been the symbol to the world of the peace-loving intentions of the free nations .
`` I find it hard to understand how anyone seeking a position in public life could demonstrate such poor judgment and bad taste .
It is a desperate effort to prop up a sagging candidate who has proven he cannot answer any questions about New Jersey's problems .
County Supervisor Weldon R. Sheets , who is a candidate for the Democratic gubernatorial nomination , today called for an end to paper ballots in those counties in the state which still use them .
`` My experience as public safety commissioner '' , Roos said , `` has shown me that the office of sheriff is best filled by a man with law enforcement experience , and preferably one who is a lawyer .
He promised nearly 200 Democratic county committee members at the meeting in the Puddingstone Inn : `` When I come back here after the November election you'll think , ' You're my man -- you're the kind of governor we're glad we elected ' '' .
He said , `` We Democrats must resolve our issues on the test of what is right and just , and not what is expedient at the time '' .
Calling the Democrats the `` party that lives , breathes and thinks for the good of the people '' , Hughes asked , `` a representative Democratic vote in the primary for a springboard toward victory in November '' .
Hughes would not comment on tax reforms or other issues in which the Republican candidates are involved .
He said no matter what stand he takes it would be misconstrued that he was sympathetic to one or the other of the Republicans .
`` After the primary '' , he promised , `` I'll be explicit on where I stand to bring you a strong , dynamic administration .
-- Fifteen members of the Republican State Committee who are retiring -- voluntarily -- this year were honored yesterday by their colleagues .
The outgoing members , whose four-year terms will expire a week after the April 18 primary election , received carved wooden elephants , complete with ivory tusks , to remember the state committee by .
A special presentation was made to Mrs. Geraldine Thompson of Red Bank , who is stepping down after 35 years on the committee .
Some anti-organization Democrats saw in the program an opportunity to end the bitter internal fight within the Democratic party that has been going on for the last three years .
In talks with Mr. Buckley last week in Washington , the Mayor apparently received the Bronx leader's assent to dropping Controller Lawrence E. Gerosa , who lives in the Bronx , from this year's ticket .
The Mayor declined in two interviews with reporters yesterday to confirm or deny the reports that he had decided to run and wanted Mr. Screvane , who lives in Queens , to replace Abe Stark , the incumbent , as the candidate for President of the City Council and Mr. Beame , who lives in Brooklyn , to replace Mr. Gerosa as the candidate for Controller .
A political scientist writes of the growth of `` alienated voters '' , who `` believe that voting is useless because politicians or those who influence politicians are corrupt , selfish and beyond popular control .
These voters view the political process as a secret conspiracy , the object of which is to plunder them '' .
Corruption is hardly a recent development in the city and state that were widely identified as the locale of Edwin O'Connor's novel , `` The Last Hurrah '' .
The panel's action depends on the return of Representative James W. Trimble , Democrat of Arkansas , who has been siding with Speaker Sam Rayburn's forces in the Rules Committee in moving bills to the floor .
The Democratic leadership , however , hopes to pass it sometime this week .
The $6,100,000,000 measure , which was passed last Monday by the Senate , provides for forty-year mortgages at low down-payments for moderate-income families .
The education bill appears to be temporarily stalled in the Rules Committee , where two Northern Democratic members who usually vote with the Administration are balking because of the religious controversy .
What could rescue the bill would be some quick progress on a bill amending the National Defense Education Act of 1958 .
In the $40,000,000 budget that has been submitted for Congressional approval , $26,000,000 would be spent through universities and private voluntary agencies .
Last month in Ghana an American missionary discovered when he came to pay his hotel bill that the usual rate had been doubled .
When he protested , the hotel owner said :
`` Why do you worry ? ?
Indonesia is one of the twenty under-developed countries of Asia , Africa and Latin America that are receiving Soviet aid .
One effect of the proposal , which puts a premium on population instead of economic strength , as in the past , would be to take jobs from European nations and give more to such countries as India .
-- The three leaders of Laos agreed today to begin negotiations tomorrow on forming a coalition government that would unite the war-ridden kingdom .
Their joint statement was welcomed by the Western delegations who will attend tomorrow the nineteenth plenary session of the fourteen-nation conference on the future of Laos .
The three Laotians agreed upon a six-point agenda for their talks , which are to last three days .
The Princess said it was too early to say what would be decided if no agreement was reached after three days .
The meetings in Zurich , the statement said , would deal only with principles that would guide the three factors in their search for a coalition Government .
Pfaff succeeds Martin Burke , who resigned .
Within an easy walk from Capitol Hill where Pennsylvania Avenue comes together with Constitution Avenue , begins a series of great federal buildings , some a block long and all about seven-stories high .
Along this avenue which saw marching soldiers from the War Between the States returning in 1865 is the National Archives building where hundreds of thousands of this country's most valuable records are kept .
Also the department of justice building is located where J. Edgar Hoover presides over the federal bureau of investigation .
Street car tracks run down the center of Pennsylvania , powered with lines that are underground .
In this historic square are several statues , but the one that stands out over the others is that of Gen. Andrew Jackson , hero of the Battle of New Orleans .
-- What does 1961 offer in political and governmental developments in Mississippi ? ?
Even for those who have been observing the political scene a long time , no script from the past is worth very much in gazing into the state's immediate political future .
This is largely because of the unpredictability of the man who operates the helm of the state government and is the elected leader of its two million inhabitants -- Gov. Ross Barnett .
Barnett , who came into office with no previous experience in public administration , has surrounded himself with confusion which not only keeps his foes guessing but his friends as well .
Consequently , it is uncertain after nearly 12 months in office just which direction the Barnett administration will take in the coming year .
Some predict the administration will settle down during 1961 and iron out the rough edges which it has had thus far .
The builtin headache of the Barnett regime thus far has been the steady stream of job-seekers and others who feel they were given commitments by Barnett at some stage of his eight-year quest for the governor's office .
There are many who predict that should Barnett decide to call the Legislature back into special session , it will really throw his administration into a scramble .
The issue which may make it necessary to have a session is the highly sensitive problem of cutting the state's congressional districts from six to five to eliminate one congressional seat .
With eyes focused on the third congressional district , the historic Delta district , and Congressman Frank E. Smith as the one most likely to go , the redistricting battle will put to a test the longstanding power which lawmakers from the Delta have held in the Legislature .
Now , the picture is clouded , and even US Sens. James O. Eastland and John C. Stennis , who remained loyal to the ticket , are uncertain of their status .
Reports are that it is more than probable that the four congressmen from Mississippi who did not support the party ticket will be stripped of the usual patronage which flows to congressmen .
The administration could not say why $28 million was needed for a grant-in-aid program .
The tax bill will be up for reconsideration Wednesday in the House when the Legislature reconvenes .
It is difficult to be certain how the administration views that $28 million , since the views of one leader may not be the same as the views of another one .
It is one that most try to avoid , as long as they can see an alternative approach to the problem .
This might be done to arouse those who have been squeezed out by the trims to exert pressure on the Legislature , so it would be more receptive to a tax proposal later in the year .
City Controller Alexander Hemphill charged Tuesday that the bids on the Frankford Elevated repair project were rigged to the advantage of a private contracting company which had `` an inside track '' with the city .
Hemphill said that the Hughes Steel Erection Co. contracted to do the work at an impossibly low cost with a bid that was far less than the `` legitimate '' bids of competing contractors .
The Controller's charge of rigging was the latest development in an investigation which also brought these disclosures Tuesday :
The city paid for work on 75 , of which no more than 21 were repaired , Hemphill charged .
The bid from A. Belanger and Sons of Cambridge , Mass. , which listed the same officers as Hughes , was $600 per joint .
Douglas M. Pratt , president of the PTC , who attended the meeting , said the transit company is reviewing the work on the El .
`` We want to find out who knew about it '' , Pratt said .
The increase also was opposed by Leonard Kaplan , spokesman for the Home Builders Association of Philadelphia , on behalf of association members who operate apartment houses .
A proposal to raise dog license fees drew an objection from Councilwoman Virginia Knauer , who formerly raised pedigreed dogs .
City Finance Director Richard J. McConnell indorsed the higher fees , which , he said , had been under study for more than a year .
Barnard , who pleaded no defense to manslaughter and hit-run charges , was fined $500 by Judge Warren K. Hess , and placed on two years' probation providing he does not drive during that time .
The commission also approved a novel plan that would eliminate traffic hazards for pedestrians in the project .
The second agreement permits the authority to sell a 520-acre tract west of Stage 1 Residential to Philadelphia Builders Eastwick Corp. , a firm composed of 10 Philadelphia area builders , which is interested in developing part of the project .
The plan calls for dividing the project into 16 sectors which would be barred to vehicular traffic .
It provides for a series of landscaped walkways and a central esplanade that would eventually run through the center of the entire two-and-a-half-mile length of the project .
The esplanade eliminates Grovers Ave. , which on original plans ran through the center of the development .
-- The president of the Kansas City local of the International Association of Fire Fighters was severly injured today when a bomb tore his car apart as he left home for work .
`` I'd just turned on the ignition when there was a big flash and I was lying on the driveway '' , he said .
Gladden has been an outspoken critic of the present city administration and led his union's battle against the teamsters , which began organizing city firemen in 1959 .
An agreement between the leaders of four parties which contested indecisive elections on Oct. 15 was reached after almost 18 hours of political bargaining under the threat of an army coup d'etat .
By-passing the military junta which has ruled Turkey since the overthrow of Premier Adnan Menderes 17 months ago , the army general staff , led by Gen. Cedvet Sunay , had set a deadline for the parties to join in a national coalition government .
Party leaders came out of the final meeting apparently satisfied and stated that complete agreement had been reached on a solution to the crisis created by the elections which left no party with enough strength to form a government on its own .
Ierulli will replace Desmond D. Connall who has been called to active military service but is expected back on the job by March 31 .
Martin , who has been in office in Washington , D. C. , for 13 months spoke at the council's annual meeting at the Multnomah Hotel .
`` We must persuade them to enjoy a way of life which , if not identical , is congenial with ours '' , he said but adding that if they do not develop the kind of society they themselves want it will lack ritiuality and loyalty .
He cited East Germany where after 15 years of Soviet rule it has become necessary to build a wall to keep the people in , and added , `` so long as people rebel , we must not give up '' .
The United States must plan to absorb the exported goods of the country , at what he termed a `` social cost '' .
Martin said the government has been working to establish firmer prices on primary products which may involve the total income of one country .
But there seemed to be some difference of opinion as to how far the board should go , and whose advice it should follow .
Chairman C. Richard Mears pointed out that perhaps this was not strictly a school board problem , in case of atomic attack , but that the board would cooperate so far as possible to get the children to where the parents wanted them to go .
Dr. Melvin W. Barnes , superintendent , said he thought the schools were waiting for some leadership , perhaps on the national level , to make sure that whatever steps of planning they took would `` be more fruitful '' , and that he had found that other school districts were not as far along in their planning as this district .
I think everybody is agreed that we need to hear some voice on the national level that would make some sense and in which we would have some confidence in following .
Mrs. Molvar , who kept reiterating her request that they `` please take a stand '' , said , `` We must have faith in somebody -- on the local level , and it wouldn't be possible for everyone to rush to a school to get their children '' .
Dr. Barnes said that there seemed to be feeling that evacuation plans , even for a high school where there were lots of cars `` might not be realistic and would not work '' .
It was generally agreed that the subject was important and the board should be informed on what was done , is going to be done and what it thought should be done .
A bond issue which would have provided some $3.5 million for construction of the two 900-student schools was defeated by district voters in January .
At the adoption , the Rev. T. F. Zimmerman , general superintendent , commented , `` The Assemblies of God has been a bulwark for fundamentalism in these modern days and has , without compromise , stood for the great truths of the Bible for which men in the past have been willing to give their lives '' .
however , the first belief stood for entire revision with a new third point added to the list .
`` In this light we need 1,000 churches in Illinois , where we have 200 ; ;
-- Surrounding pioneer pastors with vocational volunteers ( laymen , who will be urged to move into the area of new churches in the interest of lending their support to the new project ) .
In denying motions for dismissal , Judge Powell stated that mass trials have been upheld as proper in other courts and that `` a person may join a conspiracy without knowing who all of the conspirators are '' .
Schwab also declared there is no proof of Weinstein's entering a conspiracy to use the U.S. mails to defraud , to which federal prosecutor A. Lawrence Burbank replied :
In the afternoon , defense attorneys began the presentation of their cases with opening statements , some of which had been deferred until after the government had called witnesses and presented its case .
Over the first five frames , Jack Fisher , the big righthander who figures to be in the middle of Oriole plans for a drive on the 1961 American League pennant , held the A's scoreless while yielding three scattered hits .
Then Heywood Sullivan , Kansas City catcher , singled up the middle and Throneberry was across with what proved to be the winning run .
Keegan , a 6-foot-3-inch 158-pounder , gave up the Orioles' last two safeties over the final three frames , escaping a load of trouble in the ninth when the Birds threatened but failed to tally .
The Orioles got a run in the first inning when Breeding , along with Robinson , the two Birds who got a pair of hits , doubled to right center , moved to third on Russ Snyder's single to right and crossed on Kunkel's wild pitch into the dirt in front of the plate .
Jim Gentile bounced a hard shot off Kunkel's glove and beat it out for a single , and when Lumpe grabbed the ball and threw it over first baseman Throneberry's head Brandt took third and Gentile second on the error .
When Robinson tried to stretch his blow into a triple , he was cut down in a close play at third , Tuttle to Andy Carey .
Carey singled on a slow-bouncing ball to short which Robinson cut across to field and threw wide to first .
If the Orioles are to break their losing streak within the next two days , it will have to be at the expense of the American League champion New York Yankees , who come in here tomorrow for a night game and a single test Sunday afternoon .
-- The flavor of Baltimore's Florida Grapefruit League news ripened considerably late today when the Orioles were advised that Ron Hansen has fulfilled his obligations under the Army's military training program and is ready for belated spring training .
Hansen , who slugged the 1960 Oriole high of 22 homers and drove in 86 runs on a
When he was inducted into the Army at Fort Knox , Ky. , Hansen's weight had dropped to 180 -- `` too light for me to be at my best '' he said .
Ryne Duren and Roland Sheldon , a rookie righthander who posted a 15-1 record last year for the Yanks' Auburn ( N.Y. ) farm club of the Class-D New York-Pennsylvania League , are the probable rival pitchers .
It was the first of two doubles by Robinson , who was in a mood to celebrate .
Their flight was delayed , Dunn said , when a boarding ramp inflicted some minor damage to the wing of the plane .
Richard M. Forbes's Paget , which had what seemed to be a substantial lead in the early stages , tired rapidly nearing the wire and was able to save place money only a head in front of Glen T. Hallowell's Milties Miss .
Kerr , who set the world record earlier this month in New York with a clocking of 1.09.3 , wiped out Mills's early pace and beat the young Big 10 quarter-mile king by 5 yards .
The crowd at the twenty-first annual K. of C. Games , final indoor meet of the season , got a thrill a few minutes earlier when a slender , bespectacled woman broke the one-week-old world record in the half-mile run .
Mrs. Grace Butcher , of nearby Chardon , a 27-year-old housewife who has two children , finished in 2.21.6 .
-- A Texas halfback who doesn't even know the team's plays , Eldon Moritz , ranks fourth in Southwest Conference scoring after three games .
Moritz doesn't even have a nose guard or hip pads but he's one of the most valuable members of the Longhorn team that will be heavily favored Saturday over Oklahoma in the Cotton Bowl .
Moritz is listed on the Longhorn roster as a right halfback , the position at which he lettered on the 1956 team .
But ask coach Darrell Royal what position he plays and you'll get the quick response , `` place-kicker '' .
Last year , when he worked out at halfback all season , he didn't get into a single game .
He kicked several while playing at Stamford High School , including one that beat Anson , 3-0 , in a 1953 district game .
His statistical record that year , when Texas won only one game and lost nine , was far from impressive : he carried the ball three times for a net gain of 10 yards , punted once for 39 yards and caught one pass for 13 yards .
Moritz , however , kicks only about 10 or 12 extra points during each practice session .
their total passing yardage in three games , 447 on 30 completions in 56 attempts , is only 22 yards short of their total passing yardage in 1959 , when they made 469 on 37 completions in 86 tries .
Tailback James Saxton already has surpassed his rushing total for his brilliant sophomore season , when he netted 271 yards on 55 carries ; ;
Last week , when Royal was informed that three Longhorns were among the conference's top four in rushing , he said : `` That won't last long '' .
It was the first time we've been ahead this season ( when John Richey kicked what proved to be the winning field goal ) '' .
And he caused the fumble that set up our touchdown .
The Air Force's , and the game's , final play , was a long pass by quarterback Bob McNaughton which Gannon intercepted on his own 44 and returned 22 yards .
-- Held out of Texas Tech's sweat-suits drill Monday at Lubbock was tackle Richard Stafford , who is undergoing treatment for a leg injury suffered in the Raiders' 38-7 loss to Texas A & M Because of its important game with Arkansas coming up Saturday , Baylor worked out in the rain Monday -- mud or no mud .
End Gene Raesz , who broke a hand in the Owl's game with LSU , was back working out with Rice Monday , and John Nichols , sophomore guard , moved back into action after a week's idleness with an ankle injury .
Buffalo coach Buster Ramsey , who has become one of the game's greatest collectors of quarterbacks , apparently now has found a productive pair in two ex-National Football Leaguers , M. C. Reynolds and Warren Rabb .
The Texans made themselves a comforting break on the opening kickoff when Denver's Al Carmichael was jarred loose from the ball when Dave Grayson , the speedy halfback , hit him and Guard Al Reynolds claimed it for Dallas .
Not satisfied with various unofficial checks on the liveliness of baseballs currently in use , the major leagues have ordered their own tests , which are in progress at Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
The Bears added two more in the fifth when McAuliffe dropped a double into the leftfield corner , Paschal doubled down the rightfield line and Cooke singled off Phil Shartzer's glove .
Nischwitz was working on a 3-hitter when the Indians bunched three of their eight hits for two runs in the sixth .
Among the spectators was the noted exotic dancer , Patti Waggin who is Mrs. Don Rudolph when off the stage .
-- Billy Gardner's line double , which just eluded the diving Minnie Minoso in left field , drove in Jim Lemon with the winning run with two out in the last of the ninth to give the Minnesota Twins a 6-5 victory over the Chicago White Sox Monday .
The Twins tied the score in the sixth inning when Reno Bertoia beat out a high chopper to third base and scored on Lenny Green's double to left .
`` I know when my reflexes are gone and I'm not going to be any 25th man on the ball club '' .
He took a midnight train out of Cleveland Saturday , without an official word to anybody , and has stayed away from newsmen on his train trip across the nation to Reno , Nev. , where his wife , former Olympic Diving Champion Zoe Ann Olsen , awaited .
She said , when she learned Jackie was heading home : `` I'm just speculating , but I have to think Jack feels he's hurting Boston's chances '' .
`` I told him who I was and he was quite cold .
I told him what Liston had said and he said Liston was a double-crosser and said anything he ( Liston ) got was through a keyhole .
Liston is Bill Liston , baseball writer for the Boston Traveler , who quoted Jensen as saying :
Just when it seems baseball might be losing its grip on the masses up pops heroics to start millions of tongues to wagging .
And so it was over the weekend what with 40-year-old Warren Spahn pitching his no-hit masterpiece against the Giants and the Giants' Willie Mays retaliating with a record-tying 4-homer spree Sunday .
It was a real stimulant to a lot of guys I know who have moved past the 2-score-year milestone .
`` Spahnie doesn't know how to merely go through the motions '' , remarked Enos Slaughter , another all-out guy , who played rightfield that day and popped one over the clubhouse .
The spectacular Mays , who reaches a decade in the big leagues come May 25 , joined six other sluggers who walloped four home runs in a span of nine innings .
This is an issue which boils down to a matter of opinion , depending on whether you're an American or National fan and anti or pro-Yankee .
The record books , however , would favor the Giants' ace .
The Giants who had been anemic with the bat in their windy Candlestick Park suddenly found the formula in Milwaukee's park .
It will forever be a baseball mystery how a team will suddenly start hitting after a distressing slump .
The Denver-area TV audience was privileged to see Mays' four home runs , thanks to a new arrangement made by Bob Howsam that the games are not to be blacked out when his Bears are playing at home .
The last couple of years the Bears management got the business from the `` Living Room Athletic Club '' when games were cut off .
There are two more Sunday afternoons when the situation will arise .
It is an irritable rule that does baseball more harm than good , especially at the minor league level .
You would be surprised how many fans purposely stayed away from Bears Stadium last year because of the television policy .
Momentarily the Reds were back in the ball game , trailing only 6-3 , but the drive fizzled when John Edwards fouled out with men on second and third and two out .
He succeeds Buck Shaw , who retired at the end of last season .
The appointment was announced at a news conference at which Skorich said he would retain two members of Shaw's staff -- Jerry Williams and Charlie Gauer .
Van Brocklin , the quarterback who led the Eagles to the title , was signed by the Vikings last Wednesday .
Skorich , however , is a strong advocate of a balanced attack -- split between running and passing .
Skorich , who is 39 years old , played football at Cincinnati University and then had a three-year professional career as a lineman under Jock Sutherland with the Pittsburgh Steelers .
Shaw and Skorich headed a group of players , coaches and team officials who received an engrossed copy of an official city citation and a pair of silver cufflinks shaped like a football .
Mazeroski , whose homer beat the Yankees in the final series game , will receive the Babe Ruth Award as the outstanding player in the 1960 world series .
A crowd of 1,400 is expected for the ceremonies , which will be followed by the show in which the writers will lampoon baseball personalities in skit , dance and song .
Named by Mayor Wagner three years ago to head a committee that included James A. Farley , Bernard Gimbel and Clint Blume , Shea worked relentlessly .
When he was unable to bring about immediate expansion , he sought to convince another National League club to move here .
When that failed , he enlisted Branch Rickey's aid in the formation of a third major league , the Continental , with New York as the key franchise .
He was heralded as `` Sportsman of the Year '' by Sports Illustrated , and last night was acclaimed in Rochester as the `` Professional Athlete of the Year '' , a distinction that earned for him the $10,000 diamond-studded Hickok Belt .
But he also achieved something that endeared him to every duffer who ever flubbed a shot .
And it also stayed the hands of thousands of brooding incompetents who were meditating the abandonment of a sport whose frustrations were driving them to despair .
It was neither a spirit of self-sacrifice nor a yen to encourage the downtrodden that motivated Arnold .
He merely became victimized by a form of athletics that respects no one and aggravates all .
From the standpoint of the army of duffers , however , this was easily the most heartening exhibition they had had since Ben Hogan fell upon evil ways during his heyday and scored an 11 in the Texas open .
The idol of the hackers , of course , is Ray Ainsley , who achieved a 19 in the United States Open .
Their secondary hero is another pro , Willie Chisholm , who drank his lunch during another Open and tried to blast his way out of a rock-strewn gully .
Willie's partner was Long Jim Barnes , who tried to keep count .
`` How many is that , Jim '' ? ?
If there had been , he would have found a loophole , because Arnold is one golfer who knows the code as thoroughly as the man who wrote the book .
His first shot in the Open last year landed in a brook that flowed along the right side of the fairway .
A spectator picked up the ball and handed it to a small boy , who dropped this suddenly hot potato in a very playable lie .
Joe naturally ruled that a ball be dropped from alongside the spot where it had originally entered the stream .
`` I knew it all along '' , confessed Arnold with a grin , `` but I just happened to think how much nicer it would be to drop one way up there '' .
For a serious young man who plays golf with a serious intensity , Palmer has such an inherent sense of humor that it relieves the strain and keeps his nerves from jangling like banjo strings .
He'll even bull head-on into the rules when he is sure he's right .
That's how he first won the Masters in 1958 .
Arnold's iron shot from the tee burrowed into the bunker guarding the green , an embankment that had become soft and spongy from the rains , thereby bringing local rules into force .
`` You must play it where it lies '' .
`` You're wrong '' , said Arnold , a man who knows the rules .
Until a few weeks ago , however , Arnold Palmer was some god-like creature who had nothing in common with the duffers .
Other items on the agenda during the meetings , which are expected to continue through Saturday , concern television , rules changes , professional football's hall of fame , players' benefits and constitutional amendments .
However , this would require a lengthening of the season from thirteen to fourteen weeks .
Tonight at 8 o'clock the Cardinals , who gave the Pirates as much trouble as anyone did in 1960 , breaking even with them , will get their first 1961 shot at baseball's world champions .
Manager Hemus , eager to end a pitching slump that has brought four losses in the five games on the current home stand , moved Gibson to the Wednesday night starting assignment .
Harvey Haddix , set back by the flu this season , will start against his former Cardinal mates , who might be playing without captain Kenny Boyer in tonight's game at Busch Stadium .
Perhaps the Pirate who will be the unhappiest over the news that Musial probably will sit out most of the series is Bob Friend , who was beaten by The Man twice last season on dramatic home runs .
The Pirates jumped off to an 11-3 start by May 1 last year , when the Redbirds as well as the Dodgers held them even over the season .
Since 1949 , the only National League club that got off to a hot start and made a runaway of the race was the '55 Dodger team .
The club that overcame the worst start in a comparable period to win the pennant was New York's '51 Giants , who dropped 11 of their first 13 .
Speakers at a Tipoff Club dinner dealt lavish praise to a group of St. Louis University players who , in the words of Coach John Benington , `` had more confidence in themselves than I did '' .
In addition , a special award was given to Bob ( Bevo ) Nordmann , the 6-foot-10 center who missed much of the season because of a knee injury .
`` You often hear people talk about team spirit and that sort of thing '' , Benington said in a conversation after the ceremonies , `` but what this team had was a little different .
They knew what they could do and it was often a little more than I thought they could do .
`` Several times I found the players pepping me up , where it usually is the coach who is supposed to deliver the fight talk .
The trio who shared the most-valuable honors were introduced by Bob Broeg , sports editor of the Post-Dispatch .
Mrs. Benington admired Gordon's spirit and did what she could to persuade her husband that the boy might help the team .
Within a week after the injury , suffered in St. Louis's victory in the final game of the Kentucky tournament , Nordmann was sitting on the Bill's bench doing what he could to help Benington .
Other lettermen from the team that compiled a 21-9 record and finished as runner-up in the National Invitation Tournament were : Art Hambric , Donnell Reid , Bill Nordmann , Dave Harris , Dave Luechtefeld and George Latinovich .
`` This team set a precedent that could be valuable in the future '' , Benington pointed out .
If it's true that contented cows give more milk , why shouldn't happy ball players produce more base hits ? ?
The two top talents of the time , Mickey Mantle and Willie Mays , have hit the ball harder and more successfully so far this early season than at any period in careers which , to be frank about it , never have quite reached expectations .
Mantle , the bull-necked blond switch-hitter , had one sensational triple-crown season , 1959 , when he batted and also led the American League in home runs , 52 , and rbi's , 130 .
Like the Yankees' slugger , Mays , the terror of the Giants , has had seasons that would be considered the ultimate by most players , but not by -- or for -- Willie .
His best years were 1954 when he hit with 41 homers and '55 when he belted 51 home runs , drove in 127 and stole 24 bases .
Yes , we know , they're professionals , men paid to play , and they shouldn't care how they're handled , just as long as their names are spelled correctly on the first and fifteenth of each month .
For that matter , Stan Musial is rare , possessing the disposition that enabled him to put out the same for seven managers , reserving his opinions , but not his effort .
Stengel probably preached too much in the early days when the kid wanted to pop his bubble gum and sow his oats .
Inheriting a more mature Mantle , who now has seen the sights on and off Broadway , Ralph Houk quietly bestowed , no pun intended , the mantle of authority on Mickey .
And what leadership a proud Mantle has given so far .
Next to Leo Durocher , Dark taught Mays the most when he was a grass-green rookie rushed up to the Polo Grounds 10 years ago this month , to help the Giants win a dramatic pennant .
Romantic news concerns Mrs. Joan Monroe Armour and F. Lee H. Wendell , who are to be married at 4:30 p.m. tomorrow in the Lake Forest home of her brother , J. Hampton Monroe , and Mrs. Monroe .
the bridegroom's parents , the Barrett Wendells , who are returning from a winter holiday in Sarasota , Fla. , for the occasion ; ;
and his brother , Mr. Wendell Jr. , and his wife , who will arrive from Boston .
Young Peter Wendell , a student at the Westminster school , has measles , and his sister , Mrs. Andrew Thomas , and her husband , who live in Missoula , Mont. , have a new baby .
However , Mr. Parichy and his bride will go to Vero Beach on their wedding trip , and will stay in the John G. Beadles' beach house .
With loud huzzahs for the artistic success of the Presbyterian-St. Luke's Fashion show still ringing in her ears , its director , Helen Tieken Geraghty ( Mrs. Maurice P. Geraghty ) is taking off tomorrow on a 56 day world trip which should earn her even greater acclaim as director of entertainment for next summer's International Trade fair .
The last obstacle in Mrs. Geraghty's globe-girdling trip was smoothed out when a representative of Syria called upon her to explain that his brother would meet her at the border of that country -- so newly separated from Egypt and the United Arab Republic that she hadn't been able to obtain a visa .
It won't be a `` tea '' , however , but more of an international folk song festival , with singers from Chicago's foreign groups to sing Christmas songs from around the world .
He is Aldo Rostagno , son of the Guglielmo Rostagnos of Florence whom the Burkes met last year in Europe .
The Burkes , who now live in Kankakee , are telling friends of the engagement .
Her fiance , who is with a publishing firm , translates many books from English into Italian .
He will be coming here on business in December , when the wedding is to take place in Wayne .
Everybody has a different idea on the ethics and morals of driving away neighbors , when and if .
George Simon , exec director of Danny Thomas A. L. S. A. C. ( Aiding Leukemia Stricken American Children ) fund raising group , filled me in on the low-down phonies who are using phones to solicit funds for Danny's St. Jude hospital in Memphis .
The only current event they're staging is the big show at the Stadium Nov. 25 , when Danny will entertain thousands of underprivileged kids .
Give generously when you buy candy today for the Brain Research Foundation .
Dave Trager , who is quite a showman and boss of Chicago's new pro basketball Packers , is debuting a new International club , for the exclusive use of season ticket holders , in the Stock Yards Inn .
Jump off is tomorrow night when the Packs meet St. Louis in their season home opener .
Nobody's mentioned it , but when ol' Casey Stengel takes over as boss of the New York Mets , he'll be the only baseballight ever to wear the uniform of all New York area clubs , past and present : Yankees , Dodgers , Giants , and now the Mets .
A cheer here for Francis Lorenz , state treasurer , who will meet with the probate advisory board of the Chicago Bar association , for suggestions on how to handle the opening of safety deposit boxes after somebody dies .
Music for dancing will be furnished by Allen Uhles and his orchestra , who will play each Saturday during June .
Mrs. J. Edward Hackstaff and Mrs. Paul Luette are planning a luncheon next week in honor of Mrs. J. Clinton Bowman , who celebrates her birthday on Tuesday .
There will be a stag dinner Friday evening at the Denver Country Club which will precede the opening of the 1961 golf season .
The pert , gray-haired woman who came to Denver three years ago from Buffalo , N.Y. , is a `` civilian '' with the Army .
`` Mom '' Marr , as the more than 80 men at the center call her , is the link that helps to bridge the gulf between alcoholics and the outside world and between parolees and society .
Her day starts early , but no matter how many pressing letters there are to be written ( and during May , which is National Salvation Army Week , there are plenty ) , schedules to be made or problems to be solved , Mrs. Marr's office is always open and the welcome mat is out .
No matter how many Americans go abroad in summer , probably a hundred times as many gas up the family car , throw suitcases , kids and comic books in the back seat , and head for home .
And where is `` home '' , that magic place of the heart ? ?
Home is where a man was born , reared , went to school and , most particularly , where grandma is .
That is where we turn in the good old summertime .
I hope it can be said without boasting that no other nation offers its vacationing motorists such variety and beauty of scene , such an excellent network of roads on which to enjoy it and such decent , far-flung over-night accommodations .
But the Royal Motel in Shamrock was the only one that offered the comfort and security of a storm cellar .
Motorists like myself who can remember the old `` tourists accommodated '' signs on farm houses and village homes before World War 2 , can only marvel at the great size and the luxury of the relatively new and fast-grossing motel business .
That made up for the `` best '' motel in Norman , Okla. , where the proprietor knocked $2 off the $8.50 tab when we found ants in the pressed-paper furniture .
Oxnard , Calif. , will be the home of the Rev. Robert D. Howard and his bride , the former Miss Judith Ellen Gay , who were married Saturday at the Munger Place Methodist Church .
Her husband , who is the son of Alton John Mason of Shreveport , La. , and the late Mrs. Henry Cater Parmer , was president of Alpha Tau Omega and a member of Delta Sigma Pi at Lamar Tech , and did graduate work at Rhodes University in Grahamstown , South Africa , on a Rotary Fellowship .
Miss Shirley Joan Meredith , a former student of North Texas State University , was married Saturday to Larry W. Mills , who has attended Arlington State College .
The First Christian Church of Pampa was the setting for the wedding last Sunday of Miss Marcile Marie Glison and Thomas Earl Loving Jr. , who will live at 8861 Gaston after a wedding trip to New Orleans , La.
The women have a reputation for giving parties that are different and are fun and this year's promises to follow in this fine tradition .
The Louisiana city is known , of course , for its fine food , good music and its colorful hospitality `` and , when guests arrive at Philmont that night '' , says Mrs. Grinsfelder , `` that is exactly what we expect to offer them .
As for food , Mrs. Henry Louchheim , chairman of this phase , is a globetrotter who knows good food .
There will be masses of flowers , reproductions of the handsome old buildings with their grillwork and other things that are typical of New Orleans .
The gala is the Thrift Shop's annual bundle party and , as all Thrift Shop friends know , that means the admission is a bundle of used clothing in good condition , contributions of household equipment , bric-a-brac and such to stock the shelves at the shop's headquarters at 1213 Walnut St. .
For the convenience of guests bundle centers have been established throughout the city and suburbs where the donations may be deposited between now and the date of the big event .
Members of the young set who would like to come to the party only during the dancing time are welcomed .
Some idea of the competence of the women is indicated in the contribution made by them during the past 25 years that totals $840,000 .
Louis Glazer is chairman of the men's committee that , among other jobs , takes over part of the responsibility for staffing the shop during its evening hours .
Besides the bundle centers where contributions may be made there will be facilities at Philmont Country Club for those who would like to bring the bundles on the night of the party .
Mrs. Robert O. Spurdle is chairman of the committee , which includes Mrs. James A. Moody , Mrs. Frank C. Wilkinson , Mrs. Ethel Coles , Mrs. Harold G. Lacy , Mrs. Albert W. Terry , Mrs. Henry M. Chance , 2d , Mrs. Robert O. Spurdle , Jr. , Mrs. Harcourt N. Trimble , Jr. , Mrs. John A. Moller , Mrs. Robert Zeising , Mrs. William G. Kilhour , Mrs. Hughes Cauffman , Mrs. John L. Baringer and Mrs. Clyde Newman .
Col. Clifton Lisle , of Chester Springs , who headed the Troop Committee for much of its second and third decades , is now an honorary member .
The Troop is proud of its camping-out program -- on year-round schedule and was continued even when sub-zero temperatures were registered during the past winter .
Mr. Shoettle has agreed to do a portrait of the family of the person who wins the door prize .
When this and other units combined to form the present group , it was taken on as a continuing fund-raiser .
Mr. Wall is a student at Tulane university , where he is a member of Delta Kappa Epsilon fraternity .
Their Majesties , The Queen of Carnival and The Queen of Comus , have jointly issued invitations for Shrove Tuesday evening at midnight at which time they will entertain in the grand ballroom of a downtown hotel following the balls of Rex and Comus .
Debutante Miss Lady Helen Hardy will be feted at luncheon this Tuesday at which the hostess will be Mrs. Edwin Socola of Waveland , Miss. .
Another debutante , Miss Virginia Richmond , will also be the honoree this Wednesday at luncheon at which Mrs. John Dane , will be hostess entertaining at a downtown hotel .
Miss Katherine Vickery , who attends Sweet Briar College in Virginia , will rejoin her father , Dr. Eugene Vickery , at the family home in Richmond pl. Wednesday for part of the Carnival festivities .
When the Achaeans entertained Wednesday last at their annual Carnival masquerade ball , Miss Margaret Pierson was chosen to rule over the festivities , presented at the Muncipal Auditorium and chosen as her ladies in waiting were Misses Clayton Nairne , Eleanor Eustis , Lynn Chapman , Irwin Leatherman of Robinsonville , Miss. and Helene Rowley .
The large municipal hall was ablaze with color , which shown out from the bright array of chic ballgowns worn by those participating in the `` maskers' dances '' .
Mrs. Clayton Nairne , whose daughter , was among the court maids , chose a deep greenish blue lace gown .
Mrs. Fenwick Eustis , whose daughter was also a maid to the queen , wore an ashes of roses slipper satin gown .
The reduction in expenses will affect employees in the thirteen states in which the B. & O. operates .
The spokesman said the number to be furloughed cannot be estimated since the lay-offs must be carried out in each area depending on what men are most needed on the job .
The victim was beaten when he attempted to stop the bandit .
He said the assailant , who was armed with a automatic , entered the taxi at Pennsylvania Avenue and Gold Street .
A baby was burned to death and two other children were seriously injured last night in a fire which damaged their one-room Anne Arundel county home .
Police said the children's mother , Mrs. Eleanor Somerville , was visiting next door when the fire occurred .
-- The Anne Arundel county school superintendent has asked that the Board of Education return to the practice of recording its proceedings mechanically so that there will be no more question about who said what .
The disagreement was over what Dr. Jenkins had said at a previous session and how his remarks appeared in the minutes presented at the following meeting .
Mrs. Williams had a list which she said contained about nine or ten discrepancies between her memory of Dr. Jenkins's conversation and how they were written up for the board's approval .
I'll write what you tell me to '' .
The Board of County Commissioners , the Sanitary Commission , the Planning and Zoning Board and other county official bodies use recording machines for all public business in order to prevent law suits and other misunderstandings about what actually happened at their meetings .
Dr. Jenkins notes , however , that most of the school boards in the State do not do so .
He called Vincent L. Piraro , proprietor of the shop , who summoned police and an ambulance .
The vice president of the City Council complained yesterday that there are `` deficiencies '' in the city's snow clearing program which should be corrected as soon as possible .
The Councilman , who is the Administration floor leader , also criticized Bernard L. Werner , public works director , for `` halting snow operations '' on Tuesday night after the Sunday storm .
What he did , Mr. Werner said , was let manual laborers go home Tuesday night for some rest .
Mr. Schaefer also recommended that the snow emergency route plan , under which parking is banned on key streets and cars are required to use snow tires or chains on them , should be `` strictly enforced '' .
Recounting personal observations of clearance work , the Councilman cited instances of inefficient use of equipment or supplies by poorly trained workers and urged that plow blades be set so they do not leave behind a thin layer of snow which eventually freezes .
-- The 15-year-old adopted son of a Washington attorney and his wife , who were murdered early today in their Chesapeake Bay-front home , has been sent to Spring Grove State Hospital for detention .
Soon after 10 A.M. , when police reached the 1-1/2-story brick home in the Franklin Manor section , 15 miles south of here on the bay , in response to a call from the Dresbach's other son , Lee , 14 , they found Mrs. Dresbach's body on the first-floor bedroom floor .
Mr. Simpkins will move into the post being vacated by Thomas B. Finan , earlier named Attorney General to succeed C. Ferdinand Sybert , who will be elevated to an associate judgeship on the Maryland Court of Appeals .
The share of the new housing market enjoyed by apartments , which began about six years ago , has more than tripled within that span of time .
While availability of mortgage money has been a factor in encouraging apartment construction , the generally high level of prosperity in the past few years plus rising consumer income are among the factors that have encouraged builders to concentrate in the apartment-building field .
Others , which are reached by walking up a single flight of stairs , have balconies .
Its power unit , however , was derived from the reactor of the more modern American nuclear submarine Skipjack .
They are accused of whisking secrets out of naval strongrooms over which they kept guard .
When arrested , he had the submarine secrets on a roll of candid camera film as well as anti-submarine secrets in Christmas gift wrapping , it was testified .
A shadowy couple who call themselves Peter Kroger , bookseller , and wife , Joyce .
Her young British lawyer , James Dunlop , pleaded that she was sorely needed at her Portland home by her widowed mother , 80 , her maiden aunt , also 80 and bedridden for 20 years , and her uncle , 76 , who once ran a candy shop .
The trial will be held , probably the first week of March , in the famous Old Bailey central criminal court where Klaus Fuchs , the naturalized British German born scientist who succeeded in giving American and British atomic bomb secrets to Russia and thereby changed world history during the 1950s , was sentenced to 14 years in prison .
Fourteen years is the maximum penalty now faced by the new five , who may have altered history in the 1960s .
He said that drawings of the Dreadnought and printed details about the ship were found reproduced in an undeveloped roll of film taken from Lonsdale when he was arrested with the two civil servants outside the Old Vic theater Saturday afternoon , Jan. 7 .
Just how many sub secrets were being handed over when the ring , watched for six months , was broken remained untold .
The British defending lawyers , who today increased from three to four , demanded to know if they could make the information involved seem of little value to a jury , the chances of their clients would improve .
Britain began designing the ship in 1956 but got nowhere until the American government decided to end a ban on sharing military secrets with Britain that had been imposed after Fuchs blabbed .
The Skipjack was a second generation atomic sub , much advanced on the Nautilus and the other four which preceded it .
The navy captain disclosed also that a list of questions found in Miss Gee's purse would , if completed and handed back , have given the Kremlin a complete picture `` of our current anti-submarine effort and would have shown what we are doing in research and development for the future '' .
Six radiomen told how , twice on two days after the ring was nabbed , a transmitter near Moscow was heard calling , using signals , times and wavelengths specified on codes found hidden in cigaret lighters in Lonsdale's apartment and the Krogers' house and also fastened to the transmitter lid .
`` When they became members of the city police narcotics unit '' , Sokol said , `` they were told they would have to get to know certain areas of Chicago in which narcotics were sold and they would have to get to know people in the narcotics racket .
Although federal and city narcotic agents sometimes worked together , Sokol continued , rivalries developed when they were `` aiming at the same criminals '' .
When 51st Street was reached , Robinson related , he stopped the bus and told the youths he was going to call the CTA supervisor .
Mrs. Blanche Dunkel , 60 , who has spent 25 years in the Dwight reformatory for women for the murder in 1935 of her son-in-law , Ervin Lang , then 28 , appealed for a parole at a hearing yesterday before two Illinois pardon and parole board members , John M. Bookwalter and Joseph Carpentier .
It was when he attempted to end the relationship that the murder took place .
The defendant , William L. Stickney 3 , 23 , of 3211 Park pl. , Evanston , who pleaded guilty to reckless driving , also was ordered by Judge James Corcoran to attend the Evanston traffic school each Tuesday night for one month .
Stickney is a salesman for Plee-Zing , Inc. , 2544 Green Bay Rd. , Evanston , a food brokerage and grocery chain firm , of which his father , William L. Jr. , is president .
Patrolman James F. Simms said he started in pursuit when he saw young Stickney speeding north in Stewart Avenue at Central Street .
He returned to his cell in the county jail , where he has been held since his arrest last July , without a word to his court-appointed attorney , Jack Walker , or his guard .
The verdict brought vindication to the dead woman's stepson , Vincent Hengesbach , 54 , who was tried for the same crime in December , 1958 , and released when the jury failed to reach a verdict .
When the verdict came in against his young neighbor , Hengesbach said :
Hengesbach , who has been living on welfare recently , said he hopes to rebuild the farm which was settled by his grandfather in Westphalia , 27 miles southwest of here .
However , the confession , which was the only evidence against him , was retracted before the trial .
Assistant Prosecutor Fred Lewis , who tried both the Hengesbach and Pohl cases , said he did not know what would be done about two arson charges pending against Pohl .
Walker said he was considering filing a motion for a new trial which would contend that the verdict was against the weight of the evidence and that there were several errors in trial procedure .
The jury , which was locked up in a motel overnight , was canvassed at the request of Walker after the verdict was announced .
A Sterling Township family of six surviving children , whose mother died yesterday as the aftermath to a fire that also killed one of the children , found today they had the help of hundreds of neighbors and school friends .
Mrs. Eleanor Kowalski , 42 , died yesterday afternoon in Holy Cross Hospital of burns suffered in a fire that followed a bottled gas explosion Saturday night at the flat of her widowed mother , Mrs. Mary Pankowski , in the adjoining suburb of Warren .
Funeral services for Mrs. Kowalski and her daughter , Christine , 11 , who died of burns at the same hospital Monday , have been scheduled for 10 a.m. tomorrow in St. Anne's Catholic Church , 31978 Mound , in Warren .
The mother and daughter , who will be buried side by side in Mt. Olivet Cemetery , rested together today in closed caskets at the Lyle Elliott Funeral Home , 31730 Mound , Warren .
Mrs. Pankowski , 61 , remained in Holy Cross Hospital as a result of the explosion , which occurred while Mrs. Kowalski fueled a cook stove in the grandmother's small upstairs flat at 2274 Eight Mile Road East .
Assistant Fire Chief Chester Cornell said gas fumes apparently were ignited by a candle which one of the three Kowalski girls present held for her mother , because the flat lacked electricity .
Kowalski , a roofer who seldom worked last winter , already was in arrears on their recently purchased split-level home when the tragedy staggered him with medical and funeral bills .
Houghton said 6 p.m. Friday had been set for a canvass of all 480 homes in the subdivision , which is located northeast of Dequindre and 14 Mile Road East .
There also were reports of a collection at the County Line Elementary School , 3505o Dequindre , which has been attended this year by four of the Kowalski children including Christine .
Kimmell said he and Ralph were helping children across Belvidere at Kercheval Monday afternoon when a car heading north on Belvidere stopped belatedly inside the pedestrian crosswalk .
Kimmell ordered the driver to back up , watched the children safely across and was approaching the car when it suddenly `` took off at high speed '' , he said , narrowly missing him .
He was found guilty of reckless driving yesterday by Traffic Judge George T. Murphy , who continued his no-driving probation for another year and ordered him to spend 15 days in the Detroit House of Correction .
In Vientiane , the royal Laotian government decided today to ask its `` friends and neighbors '' for help in fighting what it called a new rebel offensive threatening the southeast Asian kingdom .
The minister , describing the attacks which led up to the appeal , said that 60,000 Communist North Vietnamese were fighting royal army troops on one front -- near Thakhek , in southern-central Laos .
The executions took place at dawn only a few hours after Havana radio announced their conviction by a revolutionary tribunal at Pinar Del Rio , where the executions took place .
Of the millions who have served time in concentration camps in Siberia as political prisoners of the Soviet state , few emerge in the West to tell about it .
M. Kegham -- the name is a pseudynom -- was a teacher in Bucharest and a member of the Armenian Revolutionary Federation ( ARF ) -- two reasons the Communists put him away when they arrived in 1945 .
`` Emory could not continue to operate according to its present standards as an institution of higher learning , of true university grade , and meet its financial obligations , without the tax-exemption privileges which are available to it only so long as it conforms to the aforementioned constitutional and statutory provisions '' , the statement said .
The statement did not mention what steps might be taken to overcome the legal obstacles to desegregation .
An Emory spokesman indicated , however , that the university itself did not intend to make any test of the laws .
`` As a private institution , supported by generous individuals , Emory University will recognize no obligation and will adopt no policy that would conflict with its purpose to promote excellence in scholarship and Christian education .
`` When and if it can do so without jeopardizing constitutional and statutory tax-exemption privileges essential to the maintenance of its educational program and facilities , Emory University will consider applications of persons desiring to study or work at the University without regard to race , color or creed , continuing university policy that all applications shall be considered on the basis of intellectual and moral standards and other criteria designed to assure the orderly and effective conduct of the university and the fulfillment of its mission as an institution of Christian higher education '' .
A young man was killed and two others injured at midnight Friday when the car they were riding slid into a utility pole on Lake Avenue near Waddell Street , NE , police said .
The other occupants were James Willard Olvey , 18 , of 963 Ponce De Leon Ave. , NE , and Larry Coleman Barnett , 19 , of 704 Hill St. , SE , both of whom were treated at Grady Hospital for severe lacerations and bruises .
However , three of the managers did say that they would agree to attend the proposed meeting if all of the other managers decided to attend .
Several theater operators said , however , that there is little likelihood of the subject being discussed during the three-day affair .
A 24-year-old Atlanta man was arrested Sunday after breaking into the home of relatives in search of his wife , hitting his uncle with a rock and assaulting two police officers who tried to subdue him , police said .
When police arrived the man was still violent , Slate said .
Mrs. Mary Self , who knows more than any other person about the 5,000 city employes for whom she has kept personnel records over the years , has closed her desk and retired .
The fire ant is thought to infest approximately two million acres of land in Georgia , attacking crops , young wildlife and livestock and can be a serious health menace to humans who are allergic to its venom , Blasingame said .
Perhaps the engineers can find out what causes all the congestion and suggest methods to eliminate it .
It is the only county in the state so far this month reporting a possible shortage in GA category , for which emergency allotment can be given by the state if necessary .
No request for emergency allotment had yet been received , however .
The commission , meeting for the first time with both of its newly-appointed commissioners , Roy Webster , of Hood River , and Dr. Ennis Keizer , of North Bend , approved a year's contract for a consultant in the data processing department who has been the center of considerable controversy in the past .
The contract with Ray Field , who has been converting the agencies electronic data processing program to magnetic tape , would renew his present salary of $8 an hour up to a maximum of 200 hours a month .
But he emphasized that the agency must train people within its own employ to fulfill what Field handles , and he said he personally `` regrets very much that the agency has not done this in the past '' .
A publicity release from Oregon Physicians Service , of which Harvey is president , quoted him as saying the welfare office move to Salem , instead of `` crippling '' the agency , had provided an avenue to correct administrative weaknesses , with the key being improved communications between F & A and the commission staff .
Her husband , who was sentenced to 15 years in the federal prison at McNeil Island last April for robbery of the Hillsdale branch of Multnomah Bank , also was charged with the store holdup .
Taylor said Mrs. Huntley and her husband also will be questioned about a series of 15 Portland robberies in spring of 1959 in which the holdup men bound their victims with tape before fleeing .
Funeral for William Joseph Brett , 1926 NE 50th Ave. , who died Thursday in Portland , will be Monday 1 p.m. at the Riverview Abbey .
These included Oregon State Fair , for which he had been booked on and off , for 30 years .
Tim Larson , a junior at Wilson High School and president of Spice-Nice , is the young executive who guided his firm to the top-ranking position over the 4,500 other Junior Achievement companies in the United States and Canada .
National competition was the culmination of work which began with the school year last fall and continued until just before summer vacation .
His company , Spice-Nice , will receive a $250 award , which will be distributed among the 16 charter members .
They also will visit properties on which appeals have been made .
Any adjustments which are made , Mr. Grenier said earlier this month , will appear on the balance of the tax bill since most of the town's taxpayers take the option of paying quarterly with the balance due next year .
John Pezza , 69 , of 734 Hartford Avenue , Providence , complained of shoulder pains after an accident in which a car he was driving collided with a car driven by Antonio Giorgio , 25 , of 12 DeSoto St. , Providence , on Greenville Avenue and Cherry Hill Road in Johnston yesterday .
Mr. Giorgio had started to turn left off Greenville Avenue onto Cherry Hill Road when his car was struck by the Pezza car , police said .
Mr. Pezza was taken to a nearby Johnston physician , Dr. Allan A. DiSimone , who treated him .
Patrolman Robert J. Nunes , who investigated , said the thieves broke in through the back door .
Sydney Larson , a staff representative for the United Steel Workers , which the firm's 25 workers joined before striking , said the state Labor Relations Board has been asked to set up an election to pick a bargaining agent .
A 62-year-old Smithfield man , Lester E. Stone of 19 Beverly Circle , was in satisfactory condition last night at Our Lady of Fatima Hospital , North Providence , with injuries suffered when a car he was driving struck a utility pole on Woonasquatucket Avenue in North Providence near Stevens Street .
The power was off for about five minutes in houses along Smith Street as far away as Fruit Hill Avenue shortly before 5 p.m. when the accident occurred .
Two members of the Democratic-endorsed majority on the school board said they probably would vote to appeal a ruling by the state Board of Education , which said yesterday that the school committee acted improperly in its appointment of the coordinator , Francis P. Nolan 3rd , the Democratic-endorsed committee chairman , could not be reached for comment .
In its ruling , the state Board of Education upheld Dr. Michael F. Walsh , state commissioner of education , who had ruled previously that the Warwick board erred when it named Maurice F. Tougas as coordinator of audio-visual education without first finding that the school superintendent's candidate was not suitable .
Milton and Rosella Lovett of Cranston were awarded $55,000 damages from the state in Superior Court yesterday for industrial property which they owned at 83 Atwells Ave. , Providence , and which was condemned for use in construction of Interstate Route 95 .
The award was made by Judge Fred B. Perkins who heard their petition without a jury by agreement of the parties .
Persons who find it convenient may send their contributions to the Journal-Bulletin's Cranston office at 823 Park Avenue .
Bernard Parrillo , 20 , of 19 Fletcher Ave. , Cranston , was admitted to Roger Williams Hospital shortly before 11:30 a.m. yesterday after a hunting accident in which a shotgun he was carrying discharged against his heel .
( Thornton ) where he had been driven by a companion .
The two had been hunting in the Simmonsville area of town and Mr. Parrillo dropped the gun which fired as it struck the ground .
The decoration will be presented by A. Trichieri , Italian consul general in Boston , at a ceremony at 30 p.m. on Dec. 7 at the plant , which this year is celebrating its golden anniversary .
In August while stopping in Greenock , Scotland , three members of the crew on liberty rendered first aid to a girl who fell from a train .
-- The FBI yesterday arrested on a perjury charge one of the members of the jury that failed to reach a verdict in the `` Freedom Rider '' bus burning trial four weeks ago .
U.S. Attorney Macon Weaver said the federal complaint , charged that the juror gave false information when asked about Ku Klux Klan membership during selection of jury .
A mistrial was declared in the case against the other seven when the jury was unable to agree on a verdict .
The arrest of Mr. Parker marks the third charge of wrongdoing involving the jury that heard the case .
The first incident occurred before the trial got under way when Judge H. Hobart Grooms told the jury panel he had heard reports of jury-tampering efforts .
Then , when the case went to the jury , the judge excused one of the jurors , saying the juror had told him he had been accosted by masked men at his motel the night before the trial opened .
Dr. Hester , also one of the youngest men ever to head a major American university , succeeds Dr. Carroll V. Newsom who resigned last September to join Prentice-Hall Inc. publishing firm .
`` But it did destroy the natural controls of a borer and released a new plague that wrecked a sugar cane crop '' , he said .
There have even been serious errors in the U. S. Forest Service , whose officials pride themselves in their scientific training , he added .
`` The news of their experiments reaches the farmers who , forgetting that birds are the most efficient natural enemies of insects and rodents , are encouraged to try to get rid of all birds that occasionally peck their grapes or their blueberries '' , Buchheister told the delegates .
preservation of the wetlands where birds breed ; ;
Seventeen years ago today , German scientist Willy Fiedler climbed into a makeshift cockpit installed in a V-1 rocket-bomb that was attached to the underbelly of a Heinkel bomber .
Now a quiet-spoken , middle-aged man , Fiedler is an aeronautical engineer for Lockheed's Missiles and Space Division at Sunnyvale , where he played a key role in the development of the Navy's Polaris missile .
Fiedler was then technical director of Hitler's super-secret `` Reichenberg project '' , which remained unknown to the Allies until after the war .
Using a steering system that controlled the modified rocket's tail surfaces and wings equipped with ailerons , Fiedler was to land the missile on a skid especially bolted under the fuselage .
Dr. Albert Schweitzer , world-famous theologian and medical missionary , has endorsed an Easter March for Disarmament which begins tomorrow in Sunnyvale .
A federal grand jury called 10 witnesses yesterday in an investigation of the affairs of Ben Stein , 47 , who collected big fees as a `` labor consultant '' and operator of a janitors' service .
Before he testified for 20 minutes , Stein , who lives at 3300 Lake Shore Dr. , admitted to reporters that he had a wide acquaintance with crime syndicate hoodlums .
Other witnesses , after appearances before the jury , which reportedly is probing into possible income tax violations , disclosed that government prosecutors were attempting to connect Stein and his company with a number of gangsters , including Glimco and Alex .
Jerome Leavitt , a partner in the Union Liquor company , 3247 S. Kedzie Av. , Dominic Senese , a teamster union slugger who is a buddy of Stein and a cousin of Tony Accardo , onetime gang chief ; ;
Leavitt , as he entered the jury room , said he was prepared to answer questions about the $12,500 his liquor firm paid to Stein for `` labor consultant work '' with five unions which organized Leavitt's workers .
Government attorneys , Leavitt said , have questioned him closely about `` five or six loans '' totaling about $40,000 which the liquor company made to Stein in the last year .
The reading , which has been watched with interest since Russia's detonation of a super bomb Monday , was 4 on Tuesday and 7 last Saturday , a level far below the danger point , according to the board of health .
Curtis Allen Huff , 41 , of 1630 Lake Av. , Wilmette , was arrested yesterday on a suppressed federal warrant charging him with embezzling an undetermined amount of money from the First Federal Savings and Loan association , 1 S. Dearborn St. , where he formerly was employed as an attorney .
Huff's attorney , Antone F. Gregorio , quoted his client as saying that part of the embezzlement represented money paid to Huff , as attorney for the loan association , in satisfaction of mechanic's liens on property on which the association held mortgages .
Huff , who received a salary of $109 a week from the loan association from October of 1955 until September of this year , said that his private practice was not lucrative .
The complaint on which the warrant was issued was filed by Leo Blaber , an attorney for the association .
When Huff attempted to cash another $100 check there Monday , hotel officials called police .
-- Greece and West Germany have ratified an agreement under which Germany will pay $28,700,000 to Greek victims of Nazi persecution , it was announced today .
Probably the hottest thing that has hit the Dallas investment community in years was the Morton Foods stock issue , which was sold to the public during the past week .
it was more one of allotting a few shares to a number of customers and explaining to others why they had no more to sell .
Investors who wanted 100 shares in many cases ended up with 25 , and customers who had put in a bid to buy 400 shares found themselves with 100 and counted themselves lucky to get that many .
A measure of how hot the stock was , can be found in what happened to it on the market as soon as trading began .
Letters by the reams came in from investment firms all over the nation , all of them wanting to get a part of the shares that would be sold ( 185,000 to the public at $12.50 , with another 5,000 reserved for Morton Foods employes at $11.50 a share ) .
There was even a cable in French from a bank in Switzerland that had somehow learned about the Dallas stock offering .
But what made the Morton Foods stock issue such a hot one ? ?
Both of those have had dynamic run-ups in price on the market in recent months , both were selling at higher price-earnings and yield bases than Morton was coming to market at , and everyone who knew anything about it expected the Morton stock to have a fast run-up .
Foods , which long had been considered `` recession resistant '' but hardly dynamic stocks , have been acting like growth stocks , going to higher price-earnings ratios .
The potato chip industry these days is growing , not only as a result of population increase and public acceptance of convenience foods , but also because of a combination of circumstances that has led to growth by merger .
Those that remain are those that were headed by strong executives , men with the abilities to last almost 30 years in the competitive survival of the fittest .
So they go looking for mergers with other firms that have publicly quoted stock , and almost daily they pound on the doors of firms like Frito .
The present company is a combination of several smaller ones that date back to 1834 .
The cleaner equipment firm began operations in 1953 and the unit system , which turns out a complete ginning system , began operations in 1959 .
New car sales in Dallas County during March showed slight signs of recovering from the doldrums which have characterized sales this year .
However , compared with March 1960 new car sales of 4,441 , this March was off 23 per cent .
Sprinkel told conferees that the recent improvement in economic activity was not a `` temporary flash in the pan '' but the beginning of a substantial cyclical expansion that will carry the economy back to full employment levels and witness a renewal of our traditional growth pattern .
`` In view of the current expansion , which promises to be substantial '' he said the odds appear to favor rising interest rates in coming months , but `` there is reason to believe the change will not be as abrupt as in 1958 nor as severe as in late 1959 and 1960 '' .
Rather than viewing the abortive recovery in 1959-60 as a reason for believing we have lost prospects for growth '' , he said `` it should be viewed as a lesson well learned which will increase the probability of substantial improvement in this recovery '' .
He cautioned that `` the greater danger in this recovery may be excessive stimulation by government which could bring moderate inflation '' .
He called the Cuban tractor plan an outright blackmail action , and noted that in war `` you can't buy yourself out and that's what we're trying to do '' .
While he declined to suggest , how , he said that sooner or later we must get rid of Castro , `` for unless we do we're liable to face similar situations in this hemisphere .
Analysts saw the move as a continuation of the recovery drive that got under way late Monday afternoon when the list sank to a hoped-for `` support level '' represented by around 675 in the Dow Jones industrial average .
It was a level at which some of the investors standing on the sidelines were thought likely to buy the pivotal issues represented in the averages .
However , Peterson , president of Bell & Howell , warned 800 U.S. marketing leaders attending a national conference at the Ambassador , that the future will belong to the industrialist of creative and `` unconventional wisdom '' .
`` As we look to the $800 billion economy that is predicted for 1970 and the increase of about 40% in consumer expenditures that will be required to reach that goal , management can well be restless about how this tremendous volume and number of new products will be created and marketed '' , Peterson said .
The executive paid tribute to research and development and technology for their great contributions in the past , but he also cautioned industry that they tend to be great equalizers because they move at a fairly even pace within an industry and fail to give it the short-term advantage which it often needs .
He cited , as an example , how the American camera industry has been able to meet successfully the competition of Japan despite lower Japanese labor costs , by improving its production know-how and technology .
He also used as an example the manufacturer who introduced an all-automatic camera in Germany , with the result that it became the best selling camera in the German market .
Any shareholder of any of these funds who finds a mistake in his account certainly should get in touch with the bank .
-- Alfred Hayes , president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York , said Tuesday `` there is no present need for far-reaching reforms '' which would basically alter the international financial system .
Hayes said that if a way can be found to deal effectively with short-term capital movements between nations , `` there is no reason , in my judgment why the international financial system cannot work satisfactorily for at least the foreseeable future '' .
C & O president Walter J. Tuohy was summoned back for cross-examination by New York Central attorneys before examiner John Bradford who is hearing the complex case .
Why the discrepancy between the builders' forecasts for themselves and for the industry ? ?
Seven of the eight companies that turn out full lines of farm machinery say sales by their dealers since the start of August have shown gains averaging nearly 10% above last year .
Not all sections are showing an upswing , however ; ;
`` Farmers aren't as price conscious as last year so we can get more money on a sale '' , says Jack Martin , who sells J. I. Case tractors and implements in Sioux City , Iowa .
The rise in sales last winter was checked when the Government's new feed grain program was adopted ; ;
The Supreme Court decision in mid-1960 was in the case of a company making sewer pipe from clay which it mined .
A measure passed by Congress just before adjourning softened the ruling's impact , on prior-year returns still under review , for clay-mining companies that make brick and tile products .
Requests for substantiation , the Service indicated , can be especially expected in cases where it suspects the donor received some material benefit in return , such as tickets to a show .
Louisiana , however , collected an income tax on the profits from the sale .
The Revenue Service disallowed the claim , invoking a law provision that generally bars deductions for expenses incurred in connection with what it said was tax-exempt income .
The Service has not said what its next step will be .
She would be taxed on the pensions when received , of course , but the company's contributions would be tax-free .
Denver itself collects a 1% sales tax which is to be absorbed in the higher area tax .
April sales also were 5% below those of April last year , when volume reached a record for any month , $18.9 billion ( see chart on Page One ) .
Adjusted sales that month were up a relatively steep 2.5% from those of the month before , which in turn were slightly higher than the January low of $17.8 billion .
Greer Garson , world-famous star of stage , screen and television , will be honored for the high standard in tasteful sophisticated fashion with which she has created a high standard in her profession .
Sydney Wragge , creator of sophisticated casuals for women and Roger Vivier , designer of Christian Dior shoes Paris , France , whose squared toes and lowered heels have revolutionized the shoe industry .
The attractive Greer Garson , who loves beautiful clothes and selects them as carefully as she does her professional roles , prefers timeless classical designs .
In private life , Miss Garson is Mrs. E. E. Fogelson and on the go most of the time commuting from Dallas , where they maintain an apartment , to their California home in Los Angeles' suburban Bel-Air to their ranch in Pecos , New Mexico .
A favorite is Norman Norell , however .
`` I bought my first dress from him when I was still a struggling young actress '' , she reminisces .
Other triumphs include `` Random Harvest '' , `` Madame Curie '' , `` Pride and Prejudice '' , `` The Forsythe Saga '' and `` Mrs. Miniver '' ( which won her the Academy Award in 1943 ) .
Honors that have come to Greer Garson are countless .
Both Miss Garson and her oilman-rancher husband are active supporters of Boys Clubs of America and patrons of the vivid art and opera colony that flourishes in New Mexico .
Tell that to the little wife when she moans at the woman's burden ! !
Ramsey , 6-3 , 195 and ruggedly slim , says , `` I can't remember when I didn't pester my mother to teach me to cook '' .
And you'll notice that in both places , there are acres of charming young ladies who with little effort spice up any chow line .
What does he feed his SMU football mastodons at the training table ? ?
What do the pretty SMU girls like on their plates ? ?
`` What with all those pretty girls around , they had a hard time '' .
Contemporary furniture that is neither Danish nor straight-line modern but has sculptured pattern , many design facets , warmth , dignity and an effect of utter comfort and livability .
These two , Heritage and Drexel , chose too not to produce the exactly matching design for every piece , but a collection of correlated designs , each of which could stand alone .
Walnut , wormy chestnut , pecan , three varieties of burl , hand-woven Philippine cane , ceramic tiles , marble are used to emphasize the feeling of texture and of permanence , the furniture to fit into rooms with tiled floors , brick or paneled walls , windows that bring in the outdoors .
The Drexel collection , called Composite , to be shown by Titche's offers a realistic approach to decorating , a mature modern that is a variation of many designs .
There will be a large drawing of a sunbonnet girl with eyes that flash at the guests .
The travel club is comprised of 75 fun-loving couples who have as their motto `` Go Somewhere , Anywhere , Everywhere '' .
Their activities will be climaxed in the spring of 1962 when they go to Europe .
The second baking was for photographing when told she was a finalist .
More than 200 are expected at the autumn event which is matched in the spring .
When Dr. W. A. Swim celebrated his 75th birthday at the Wilshire Country Club , guests came by chartered plane from all over the country .
Cocktails and a buffet supper were served to more than 100 persons who had known Dr. Swim when he practiced in Los Angeles .
Giving up the violin opened a whole new career for Ilona Schmidl-Seeberg , a tiny Hungarian who Fritz Kreisler had predicted would have a promising career on the concert stage .
A heart attack when she was barely 20 put an end to the 10-hour daily practicing .
What most people don't seem to realize , if they aren't tied up with the thing as I am , is that 90% of the problem is transportation .
Now they go to a high school that is two miles away .
Generally , they go to school with a girl named Gloriana , who lives down the block , and has a car .
A young man doesn't like to be driven up in front of a school in a car driven by a girl who isn't even in a higher class than he is , and is also a girl .
`` Why don't you walk to school then '' ? ?
I explained , however , that I had my share of hardship in making my daily pilgrimage to the feet of wisdom .
When they do that my wife has to drive me to work in the big car .
I feel a certain loss of status when I am driven up in front of work in a car driven by my wife , who is only a woman .
They say that when they take a car , Gloriana doesn't take her car , but rides with them .
But when Gloriana rides with them they also have to take the two girls who usually ride with her , so the little car isn't big enough .
The logic of that is impeccable , of course , except that I feel like a fool being driven up to work in a little car , by my wife , when everybody knows I have a big car and am capable of driving myself .
However , it's a half-mile walk down a steep hill from our house to the bus , and it's too hard on my legs .
Advance publicity on the Los Angeles Blue Book does not mention names dropped as did the notices for the New York Social Register which made news last week .
Judge and Mrs. Julian Hazard are now at Laguna Beach , while the Frank Wangemans have moved from Beverly Hills to New York , where he is general manager of the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel .
Here's an idea for a child's room that is easy to execute and is completely charming , using puppets for lamp bases .
Make sure that the metal tube through which the wire passes is in the shape of an inverted `` L '' , the foot of the `` L '' about three inches long , so that the puppet can hang directly under the light .
Using the strings that manipulate the puppet , suspend him from the light fixture by tying the strings to the lamp base .
A generation ago there were plenty of people who appreciated antiques and fine reproductions .
In the background lurked the feeling , however , that these pieces , beautiful as they were , lacked the utilitarian touch .
So junior's bedroom was usually tricked out with heavy , nondescript pieces that supposedly could take the `` hard knocks '' , while the fine secretary was relegated to the parlor where it was for show only .
There are a number of reasons why the Eighteenth Century designer had to develop `` down to earth '' designs -- or go out of business .
Net result is some crazy-wonderful nonsense , part of which can be classed as pure slapstick .
If they can't chalk up big business here then let's stop this noise about how hip we are , and stick to our community singing ,
Dick Carroll and his accordion ( which we now refer to as `` Freida '' ) held over at Bahia Cabana where `` Sir '' Judson Smith brings in his calypso capers Oct. 13 .
Johnny Leighton picked up some new numbers out in Texas which he's springing on the ringsiders in the Rum House at Galt Ocean Mile Hotel .
`` Skip '' Hovarter back in town from a summer in the Reno-Lake Tahoe area where he ran into Rusty Warren , Kay Martin , the Marskmen and Tune Toppers -- all pulling good biz , he says .
Al has added some sidemen to the act which makes for a smoother operation but it's substantially the same format heard last spring .
This is a bouncy show which may get a little too frantic at times , but is nevertheless worth your appraisal .
The Tic-Tac-Toe trio is the club's new show group which also plays for dancing .
Don , who played drums , hasn't seen his chum since .
( Which is understandable -- if you've ever sampled the exotic , peppery fare .
A young real estate salesman , Kern first got seriously interested in the problems posed by Communism when in the Navy Air Force .
When he attended the Christian Anti-Communist Crusade school here about six months ago , Jim became convinced that an individual can do something constructive in the ideological battle and set out to do it .
And he wanted to be careful that the kids not only learn about Communist but also about what he feels is the only antidote -- a Biblically strong Christianity .
a review of the philosophy of Communist leaders by Ted Slack , another real estate agent who became interested as a philosophy major at the University of Miami ; ;
and talks on how their Christian faith can guide them in learning about and fighting Communism during high school and college days , by Ted Place , director of Greater Miami Youth for Christ , and Jon Braun , director of Campus Crusade for Christ .
And to encourage other churches to try their own programs , Kern said this Sunday's sessions -- including the free dinner -- will be open to anyone who makes reservations .
`` When you stand up in public and take vows to strive to set an example before your children and to teach them the fundamentals of the Christian faith , you strive a little harder to uphold those vows '' , explains the slender vice president of the young couples Sunday school class .
Every family of Riviera Presbyterian Church has been asked to read the Bible and pray together daily during National Christian Family Week and to undertake one project in which all members of the family participate .
Guest performers and conductors during the coming season will include many renowned artists who began their careers playing with the orchestra , including violinists Yehudi Menuhin , Isaac Stern , Ruggiero Ricci and David Abel ; ;
The Leningrad Kirov Ballet , which opened a series of performances Friday night at the Opera House , is , I think , the finest `` classical '' ballet company I have ever seen , and the production of the Petipa-Tschaikowsky `` Sleeping Beauty '' with which it began the series is incomparably the finest I have ever had the pleasure of witnessing .
These qualities alone , however , would not account for their success , and it took me a while to discover the crowning virtue that completes this company's collective personality .
It is a kind of friendliness and frankness of address toward the audience which we have been led to believe was peculiar to the American ballet .
Oh-the-pain-of-it , that convention of Russian ballet whereby the girls convey the idea that they are all the daughters of impoverished Grand Dukes driven to the stage out of filial piety , is totally absent from the Kirov .
This is all the more remarkable because the Kirov is to ballet what Senator Goldwater is to American politics .
Irina Kolpakova , the Princess Aurora of Friday's performance , would be a change for the better anywhere , at any time , no matter who had had the role before .
She is the most beautiful thing you ever laid eyes on , and her dancing has a feminine suavity , lightness , sparkle , and refinement which are simply incomparable .
Alla Sizova , who seems to have made a special hit in the East , was delightful as the lady Bluebird and her partner , Yuri Soloviev , was wonderfully virile , acrobatic , and poetic all at the same time , in a tradition not unlike that of Nijinsky .
Evegeni Dubovskoi conducted an exceptionally large orchestra , one containing excellent soloists -- the violin solos by the concertmaster , Guy Lumia , were especially fine -- but one in which the core of traveling players and the body of men added locally had not had time to achieve much unity .
Fire Fighters Local 798 , which is sponsoring the toy program for the 12th straight year , issued a call for San Franciscans to turn in discarded toys , which will be repaired by off-duty firemen .
From the collection centers , toys will be taken to a warehouse at 198 Second street , where they will be repaired and made ready for distribution .
For A good many seasons I've been looking at the naughty stuff on television , so the other night I thought I ought to see how immorality is doing on the other side of the fence in movies .
I cannot imagine a single scene that isn't done in a far naughtier manner on TV every week .
Producer Fellini should have looked at some of the old silent films where they really had parties ! !
a lady drunk on her hands and knees who carries the hero around on her back while he throws pillow feathers in her face ; ;
Apparently Fellini caught the crowd when its parties had begun to pall .
What a swinging group they must have been when they first started entertaining ! !
`` This is a long picture and a controversial one , but basically it is a moral , enthralling and heartbreaking description of humans who have become unlinked from life as perhaps Rome has from her traditional political , cultural and religious glories '' .
And when they sell it to television in a couple of years , it can be shown without editing .
`` Where do you put the lighter fluid , ha , ha '' ? ?
When I drove a car with tail fins , I had plenty status at the wind-and-water oases .
When I had my big job with the double headlights and yards of chrome , the gas people were happy to see me .
`` What kind of car is it '' ? ?
`` What I always say is what if somebody clobbers you in a little car like that ? ?
When I wheeled about , finned fore and aft , I was the darling of the doormen .
( The last doorman that saw me do that should calm himself .
At last the White House is going to get some much-copied furniture by that master American craftsman , Duncan Phyfe , whose designs were snubbed in his lifetime when the U. S. Presidents of the 19th Century sent abroad for their furnishings .
The American Institute of Decorators has acquired a rare complete set of sofas and chairs which are to be placed in the Executive Mansion's library .
The gift is being presented by `` heirs and descendants of the Rutherford family of New Jersey , whose famous estate , `` Tranquility '' , was located near the Duncan Phyfe workshop at Andover , N. J. .
The AID has found a mantlepiece attributed to Samuel McIntyre of Salem , Mass. , an architect and woodcarver who competed for the designing of the Capitol here in 1792 .
At 4 p.m. the President left the White House to welcome the young musicians , students from the ages of 12 to 18 who spend six weeks at the Brevard Music Center summer camp , and to greet the 325 crippled , cardiac and blind children from the District area who were special guests at the concert .
She was not present yesterday , however , to enjoy the music or watch the faces of the delighted audience .
After paying tribute to the conductor and his white-clad youthful students , President Kennedy said , `` As an American I have the greatest possible pride in the work that is being done in dozens of schools stretching across the United States -- schools where devoted teachers are studying with interested young men and women and opening up the whole wide horizon of serious music '' .
He added `` I think that sometimes in this country we are not aware as we should be of the extraordinary work that is being done in this field '' .
Displaying his knowledge of music , the New England-born President remarked that `` probably the best chamber music in the world is played in Vermont , by young Americans -- and here in this school where they have produced extraordinary musicians and teachers , and their work is being duplicated all across the United States .
One of the most interested `` students '' on the tour which the Brevard group took at the National Gallery yesterday following their concert at the White House , was Letitia Baldrige , social secretary to First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy .
Miss Bouton headed up one of the four groups that went on simultaneous tours after the Gallery had closed at 5 p.m. .
Along with the gallery aide who explained the various paintings and sculptures to each group , went one of the Gallery's blue-uniformed guards .
Among the other artists , whose paintings were discussed were Boucher , Courbet , Fra Angelico .
The thing that impressed one of the visitors the most was the Gallery's rotunda fountain `` because it's on the second floor '' .
More than 250 Scottish Rite Masons and guests gathered in their House of the Temple to pay tribute to their most prominent leader , Albert Pike , who headed the Scottish Rite from 1859 to 1891 .
C. Wheeler Barnes of Denver , head of the Scottish Rite in Colorado , praised Pike as a historian , author , poet , journalist , lawyer , jurist , soldier and musician , who devoted most of his mature years to the strengthening of the Masonic Order .
John had a job in a small firm where the work was dull and monotonous .
Without any definite plan in mind , she went to a judge to see what could be done .
For nearly a year , they have been receiving counseling , separately and together , in an effort to understand and overcome the antagonisms which had given rise to the possibility of divorce .
Mary is cheery and gay when her husband comes home in the evenings , and the children's bed-time is frequently preceeded by a session of happy , family rough-housing .
Anticipated heavy traffic along the Skyline Drive failed to materialize yesterday , park rangers said , and those who made the trip got a leisurely view of the fall colors through skies swept clear of haze .
The first time was in 1955 when a full-dress Big Four summit meeting produced the `` spirit of Geneva '' .
That meeting produced the `` spirit of Camp David '' -- a spirit , it later turned out , that masked a basic misunderstanding about progress toward a Berlin settlement .
Thus when Premier Khrushchev intimated even before inauguration that he hoped for an early meeting with the new President , Mr. Kennedy was confronted with a delicate problem .
The President had set for himself the task , which he believed vital , of awakening the U. S. and its allies to the hard and complex effort necessary to shift that balance .
Both elements -- the caution about a meeting , the willingness eventually to hold one -- were reflected in a letter from the President which Ambassador Llewellyn E. Thompson brought back to Russia late in February .
Developments over the next two months , however , caused the President to reconsider the question of the timing .
Beyond that , Allied disagreement about military intervention in Laos -- despite warnings that they might do so -- allowed Moscow to carry out with impunity a series of military and diplomatic moves that greatly strengthened the pro-Communist forces .
The President and his advisers felt that the time might have come to warn Premier Khrushchev against a grave miscalculation in areas such as Berlin , Iran or Latin America from which there would be no turning back .
`` The President and Chairman Khrushchev understand that this meeting is not for the purpose of negotiating or reaching agreement on the major international problems that involve the interest of many other countries .
The meeting will , however , afford a timely and convenient opportunity for the first personal contact between them and a general exchange of views on the major issues which affect the relationships between the two countries '' .
The Vienna meeting will bring together a seasoned , 67-year-old veteran of the cold war who , in Mr. Kennedy's own words , is `` shrewd , tough , vigorous , well-informed and confident '' , and a 44-year-old President ( his birthday is May 29 ) with a demonstrated capacity for political battle but little experience in international diplomacy .
But those who were in favor of the meeting felt that a frank exchange between the two men and an opportunity to size one another up would prove salutary .
There is no single issue that has aroused stronger feelings throughout the world .
Moreover , the President is meeting the Soviet leader at a time when the Administration has still not decided on the scope of America's firm foreign policy commitments .
The question was raised , for example , as to what attitude the President would take if Mr. Khrushchev proposes a broad neutral belt extending from Southeast Asia to the Middle East .
There are , so my biologist friends tell me , mechanisms of adaptation and defense that are just too complete and too satisfactory .
The shell , which served the strain so well at a relatively early stage in the evolutionary scheme , tended to cancel out the possibility of future development .
The deeper wonder is how this miracle was accomplished in decades , rather than in centuries and by immigrant minorities at that .
By way of explanation we ourselves are prone to imagine that this achievement stems from the same American Catholic zeal and generosity which brought the parochial school system into existence .
There is , however , one curious discrepancy in this broad and flattering picture .
All of this may be understandable enough : it is , however , in fact difficult to see how diocesan authorities could have acted otherwise .
Community esprit de corps has been the protective shell which has made the achievement possible .
The net result is a uniquely satisfying sense of comradeship , the kind of comradeship which sparks enthusiasm and blunts the cutting edge of sacrifice and hardship .
There is however no point in speculating about such a possibility : the fact of the matter is that our institutions of higher learning owe their existence to a spirit not unlike that which produces the `` family business '' .
It is this spirit which explains some of the anomalies of American Catholic higher education , in particular the wasteful duplication apparent in some areas .
I think for example of three women's colleges with pitifully small enrollments , clustered within a few miles of a major Catholic university , which is also co-educational .
Apart , however , from the question of wasteful duplication , there is another aspect of the `` family business '' spirit in American Catholic higher education which deserves closer scrutiny .
For while the past needs of the Church in this country may have been adequately met by collegiate institutions , which in temper and tone closely resembled junior colleges and finishing schools , it would seem that today's need is for the college which more closely resembles the university in its `` pursuit of excellence '' .
Today however , the `` outsider '' is likely to have professional qualifications of the highest order ( otherwise the college would not be interested in hiring him ) and to be acclimatized to the democratic processes of the secular or state university .
In the above mentioned report of the Notre Dame Chapter of the American Association of University Professors , the basic outlook of the new breed of lay faculty emerges very clearly in the very statement of the problem as the members see it : `` Even with the best of intentions he ( the President of the university ) is loath to delegate such authority and responsibility to a group the membership of which , considered ( as it must be by him ) in individual terms , is inhomogeneous , mortal and of extremely varying temperament , interests and capabilities .
It is natural that he should turn for his major support to a select and dedicated few from the organization which actually owns the university and whose goals are , in their opinion , identified with its highest good and ( to use that oft-repeated phrase ) ' the attainment of excellence ' '' .
The pattern here pictured is clearly not peculiar to Notre Dame : it is simply that the paradox involved in this kind of control of the institution by `` the organization which actually owns '' it , becomes more obvious where there is a larger and more distinguished `` outside '' faculty .
It is particularly interesting that those who framed the report should refer to `` the organization which actually owns the university '' : this seems to show an awareness of the fact that there is more to the problem than the ordinary issue of clerical-lay tension .
There are two reasons why failure to come to grips with this demand could be fatal to the future of the Catholic university .
When a man invests a block of his years at a university without gaining the coveted promotion , not only is he faced with the problem of starting over but there is also a certain depreciation in the market value of his services .
Yet adequate compensation -- and particularly merely adequate compensation is no substitute for those intangibles which cause a man to sacrifice part of his earning potential by taking up college teaching in the first place .
Religious who derive their own sense of purpose through identification with the religious community rather than the academic community are prone to underestimate both the layman's reservoir of idealism and his need for this identification .
The second reason for being concerned with the dichotomy between faculty members who are part of the `` in-group '' that owns and operates the institution and those who are merely paid employees , is , therefore , the baneful effect on the caliber of the teaching itself .
This is a problem that goes considerably beyond questions of salary and tenure .
Yet though it may seem difficult to envision any definitive resolution of the problem of ownership and control , there are nevertheless certain suggestions which seem to be in order .
Those who have served as faculty advisers are too familiar with the useful but artificial mechanisms of student government to be taken in by `` busy-work '' and ersatz decision making .
In any case it is by no means clear that formally structured organs of participation are what is called for at all .
In itself there is nothing wrong with this form of `` participation '' : the only difficulty on the Catholic campus is that those faculty members who are in a position to implement policy , i.e. , members of the religious community which owns and administers the institution , have their own eating arrangements .
The public atmosphere that has been generated which makes acceptance of this law a possibility stems from the disrepute into which the labor movement has fallen as a result of Mr. McClellan's hearings into corruption in labor-management relations and , later , into the jurisdictional squabbles that plagued industrial relations at the missile sites .
The Senator was shocked by stoppages over allegedly trivial disputes that delayed our missile program .
In addition , disclosures that missile workers were earning sums far in excess of what is paid for equivalent work elsewhere provoked his indignation on behalf of the American taxpayer who was footing the bill .
It is now disclosed that the taxpayer not only pays for high wages , but he pays the employers' strike expenses when the latter undertakes to fight a strike .
Business Week ( Aug. 9 , 1961 ) reports that the United Aircraft Company , against which the International Association of Machinists had undertaken a strike , decided to keep its plants operating .
The recent publicity attending the successful federal prosecution of a conspiracy indictment against a number of electrical manufacturers has evoked a new respect for the anti-trust laws that is justified neither by their rationale nor by the results they have obtained .
it must play a game in which there never is a winner .
The fact is that any business that wants to operate successfully cannot follow the law .
Let us look at the heavy-electrical-goods industry in which General Electric , Westinghouse and a number of other manufacturers were recently convicted of engaging in a conspiracy to rig prices and allocate the market .
The problem becomes even more complex where an enterprise is engaged in the manufacture of a wide variety of other goods in addition to the heavy electrical equipment .
Under the circumstances , the only protection for the relatively small manufacturers is to engage in exactly the kind of conspiracy with the giants for which the latter were convicted .
And which theory would govern the enforcers of the law on Sunday ? ?
Why did they engage in a flood of mea culpas , throw a few scapegoats to the dogs and promise to be good boys thereafter , expressing their complete confidence in the laws '' ? ?
He wrote : `` ( P. 211 ) the anti-trust laws were the answer of a society which unconsciously felt the need of great organizations , and at the same time had to deny them a place in the moral and logical ideology of the social structure .
( P. 215 ) when corporate abuses were attacked , it was done on the theory that criminal penalties would be invoked rather than control .
( Pp. 228-229 ) in any event , it is obvious that the anti-trust laws did not prevent the formation of some of the greatest financial empires the world has ever known , held together by some of the most fantastic ideas , all based on the fundamental notion that a corporation is an individual who can trade and exchange goods without control by the government '' .
( The penalties handed out in the electrical case , which included jail sentences , were unprecedented in anti-trust prosecutions , perhaps because the conspirators had displayed unusual ineptness in their pricing activities .
However , one can argue that no such control is necessary as long as one pretends that the anti-trust laws are effective and rational .
Those who favor placing trade unions under anti-trust laws imply that they are advocating a brand new reform .
Before 1933 , individuals who opposed trade unions and collective bargaining said so in plain English .
The tortured reasoning that unions use to deny their ambition to exercise monopoly power over the supply and price of labor is one of the things that create a legal profession .
If laborers are merely commodities competing against each other in a market place like so many bags of wheat and corn ( unsupported , by the way , by any agricultural subsidy ) , then they may be pardoned for reacting with complete antagonism to a system that imposes such status upon them .
Eighteenth-century England , upon whose customs our common law was built , had outlawed unions as monopolies and conspiracies .
In 1825 , the Boston house carpenters' strike for a ten-hour day was denounced by the organized employers , who declared : `` It is considered that all combinations by any classes of citizens intended to effect the value of labor tend to convert all its branches into monopolies '' .
`` Without any officious and improper interference on the subject , the price of labor or the wages of mechanics will be regulated by the demand for the manufactured article and the value of that which is paid for it ; ;
Compare this statement of a nineteenth-century judge with how Congressman Martin , according to the Daily Labor Report of Sept. 19 , 1961 , defends the necessity of enacting anti-trust legislation in the field of labor `` if we wish to prevent monopolistic fixing of wages , production or prices and if we wish to preserve the freedom of the employer and his employees to contract on wages , hours and conditions of employment '' .
Paradoxically , the same week in which Senator McClellan was attempting to extend the anti-trust act to labor in transportation , the Civil Aeronautics Board was assuring the airlines that if they met in concert to eliminate many costly features of air travel , the action would not be deemed a violation of the anti-trust act .
At the very moment that every attempt is being made to take management out from under the irrationality of anti-trust legislation , a drive is on to abolish collective bargaining under the guise of extending the anti-monopoly laws to unions who want no more than to continue to set wages in the same way that ship operators set freight rates .
( What other purpose could a striking union have but to interrupt the flow of commerce from the struck enterprise ? ?
What Herter presented , said Gore , was `` not a very encouraging review '' .
That was something of an understatement in a week when the underlying conflict between the West and Communism erupted on three fronts .
`` There is a limit to what the United States in self-respect can endure '' , said the President .
There was a moral of sorts in the Laotian situation that said much about all other cold-war fronts .
But why was Laos the new Southeast Asian battleground ? ?
At Geneva in 1954 , to get the war in Indo-China settled , the British and French gave in to Russian and Communist Chinese demands and agreed to the setting up of a Communist state , North Viet Nam -- which then , predictably , became a base for Communist operations against neighboring South Viet Nam and Laos .
He began the diplomatic discussions that resulted in the establishment of Aj .
Russian tanks and artillery parading through the streets of Havana , Russian intrigue in the Congo , and Russian arms drops in Laos ( using the same Ilyushin transports that were used to carry Communist agents to the Congo ) made it plain once more that the cold war was all of a piece in space and time .
but , in Senator Gore's words , it was `` not a very encouraging '' situation that would confront John F. Kennedy on Inauguration Day .
The liberal pressure bloc ( which coyly masquerades under the name Democratic Study Group ) had fought the committee before , and had always lost .
They had the unspoken support of President-elect Kennedy , whose own legislative program was menaced by the Rules Committee bottleneck .
Caucusing , the liberals decided to go after Colmer , which actually was the more drastic course , since seniority in the House is next to godliness .
There his vote , along with those of Chairman Howard Smith , the courtly Virginia judge , and the four Republican members , could and often did produce a 6-6 deadlock that blocked far-out , Democratic-sponsored welfare legislation ( a tactic often acceptable to the Rayburn-Johnson congressional leadership to avoid embarrassing votes ) .
) But Speaker Sam Rayburn , after huddling in Palm Beach with President-elect Kennedy , decided that this year something had to be done about the Rules Committee -- and that he was the only man who could do anything effective .
The next morning he summoned a group of top Democrats to his private office and broke the news : he would lead the fight to oust Colmer , whom he is said to regard as `` an inferior man '' .
When Missouri's Clarence Cannon got the word , he turned purple .
( One big question : If Colmer was to be purged , what should the House do about the other three senior Mississippians who supported the maverick electors ? ?
A wide-ranging , bipartisan force -- from Minnesota's Democratic Hubert Humphrey to Massachusetts' Republican Leverett Saltonstall -- was drawn up against a solid phalanx of Southern Democrats , who have traditionally used the filibuster to stop civil rights bills .
One day last week , Nixon faced a painful constitutional chore that required him to officiate at a joint session of Congress to hear the official tally of the Electoral College vote , and then to make `` sufficient declaration '' of the election of the man who defeated him in the tight 1960 presidential election .
`` This is the first time in 100 years that a candidate for the presidency announced the result of an election in which he was defeated '' , he said .
The Masters golf tournament proved last Monday what it can do to the strongest men and the staunchest nerves .
Arnold Palmer , the defending champion , lost his title on the 72nd hole after a few minutes of misfortune that left even his fellow pros gaping in disbelief .
`` Just when you think you have it licked , this golf course can get up and bite you '' , Player had said one afternoon midway through the tournament .
And that is just what happened on the last few holes .
After playing a splendid first nine holes in 34 -- two strokes under par -- on this fifth and final day of the tournament ( Sunday's fourth round had been washed out by a violent rainstorm when it was only half completed ) , Player's game rapidly fell to pieces .
When Palmer hit a good straight drive up the fairway on the 72nd hole , he seemed to have the championship won .
He did seem hasty on his second and third shots , but then there was an agonizing wait of several minutes while Coe graciously putted out , giving Palmer a chance to recover his composure , which he had quite visibly lost .
When the shaken Palmer finally did hit his fourth shot , he overshot the hole by 15 feet .
Palmer was now putting merely for a tie , and Player , who was sitting beside his wife and watching it all on television in Tournament Chairman Clifford Roberts' clubhouse apartment , stared in amazement when Palmer missed the putt .
The lean and leathery Oklahoma amateur , who has been playing topnotch tournament golf for many years , refused to let the Masters jitters overtake him and closed the tournament with his second straight 69 .
His three-round total of 210 was three strokes better than the next best score , a 213 by Bill Collins , the tall and deliberate Baltimorean who had been playing very well all winter long .
When the winter tour began at Los Angeles last January there was no one in sight to challenge Palmer's towering prestige .
On the final round at Pensacola , the luck of the draw paired Palmer and Player in the same threesome and , although it was far from obvious at the time , the gallery was treated to the first chapter of what promises to be one of the most exciting duels in sport for a long time to come .
But whichever of these two finished ahead of the other would be the undisputed financial leader of the tour .
When they reached Augusta last week , together they had won five of the 13 tournaments to date .
It was a dismal , drizzly day but a good one on which to score over the Augusta National course .
Palmer's 4-under-par 68 got him off to an early lead , which he shared with Bob Rosburg .
A lot of people were still thinking about Jack Nicklaus , the spectacular young amateur , who had a 70 ; ;
or Ken Venturi , who had a somewhat shaky 72 but was bound to do better ; ;
or Rosburg , whose accurate short game and supersensitive putter can overcome so many of Augusta's treacheries ; ;
or even old Byron Nelson , whose excellent 71 made one wonder if he had solved the geriatric aspects of golf .
Rosburg had started early in the day , and by the time Palmer and Player were on the course -- separated , as they were destined to be for the rest of the weekend , by about half an hour -- they could see on the numerous scoreboards spotted around the course that Rosburg , who ended with a 73 , was not having a good day .
On the back nine he began to acquire the tidal wave of a gallery that stayed with him the rest of the tournament .
At one point late in the day , when Palmer was lining up a 25-foot putt on the 16th , a thunderous cheer from the direction of the 18th green unmistakably announced that Player had birdied the final hole .
Anyone who now doubted that a personal duel was under way had only to watch how these exceptionally gifted golfers were playing this most difficult golf course .
It is almost axiomatic that golfers who dominate the game of golf for any period of time attack their shots with a vehemence bordering on violence .
The bad luck that can so often mar a well-played round of golf is simply overpowered and obliterated by the contemptuous boldness of these champions .
As the third round of the tournament began on Saturday and the duel was resumed in earnest , it was Player's superior aggressiveness that carried him into the lead .
When you're playing like that you'd better attack '' .
Player attacked with his four-wood and hit a shot that few who saw it will ever forget .
At the 4th tee Palmer chose to hit a one-iron when a three-wood was the proper club , so he put the ball in a bunker in front of the green .
When Mickey Charles Mantle , the New York Yankees' man of muscle , drives a home run 450 feet into the bleachers , his feat touches upon the sublime .
When Roger Eugene Maris , Mantle's muscular teammate , powers four home runs in a double-header , his performance merits awe .
But when tiny , 145-pound Albert Gregory Pearson of the Los Angeles Angels , who once caught three straight fly balls in center field because , as a teammate explained , `` the other team thought no one was out there '' , hits seven home runs in four months ( three more than his total in 1958 , 1959 , and 1960 ) , his achievement borders on the ridiculous .
It is the year when ( 1 ) amiable Jim Gentile of the Baltimore Orioles ambled to the plate in consecutive innings with the bases loaded and , in unprecedented style , delivered consecutive grand-slam home runs ; ;
Whatever the reasons , not in 30 years has a single season produced such thunderous assaults upon the bureau of baseball records , home-run division .
What ultimately frustrated every challenger was Ruth's amazing September surge .
How can you walk Maris to get to Mantle '' ? ?
As roommates , teammates , and home-run mates , Mantle , 29 , who broke in with the Yankees ten years ago , and Maris , 26 , who came to the Yankees from Kansas City two years ago , have strikingly similar backgrounds .
`` What do you and Mickey talk about at home '' ? ?
What is surprising and pleasant is that Mantle and Maris , under constant pressure from writers and photographers , are trying to be cooperative .
But last week , when a reporter was standing near Mantle's locker , Mickey walked up and volunteered an anecdote .
`` When I've made a dumb play '' , he says , `` I don't want to talk to anyone .
Send me where I can play '' .
`` I tell people what I think .
`` When I was a kid '' , Maris told a sportswriter last week , `` I used to follow Williams every day in the box score , just to see whether he got a hit or not '' .
`` When you came up to the majors , did you seek out Williams for advice '' ? ?
`` When Mickey went to the Yankees '' , says Mark Freeman , an ex-Yankee pitcher who sells mutual funds in Denver , `` DiMaggio still was playing and every day Mickey would go by his locker , just aching for some word of encouragement from this great man , this hero of his .
If laying ties on a railroad track , which he once did for $1 an hour , paid more than playing right field for the Yankees , Maris would lay ties on a railroad track .
If working in a zinc mine , which he once did for 87-1/2 cents an hour , paid more than playing center field for the Yankees , Mantle would work in a zinc mine .
( `` One of the reasons they get along fine '' , says a sportswriter who is friendly with the two men , `` is that both realize Mantle is head-and-shoulders above Maris '' .
Frankie was fairly glutted with ideas , as he had hinted upon his arrival : `` It's really tremendous when you think Ella Fitzgerald is coming from Australia .
The biggest single act would doubtless be staged by Frankie himself : his Inaugural wardrobe had been designed by Hollywood Couturier Don Loper , who regularly makes up ladies' ensembles .
Speaking of `` pride '' , he deplored the noncommissioned officer `` whose uniform looks like it belonged to someone who retired in 1940 ; ;
To Decathlon Man Rafer Johnson ( Time cover , Aug. 29 ) , whose gold medal in last summer's Olympic Games was won as much on gumption as talent , went the A.A.U.'s James E. Sullivan Memorial Trophy as the outstanding U.S. amateur athlete of 1960 .
As the world's top sportsman -- pro or amateur -- Sports Illustrated tapped golf's confident Arnold Palmer ( Time cover , May 2 ) , who staged two cliffhanging rallies to win both the Masters and U.S. Open crowns , went on to win a record $80,738 for the year .
It gets so frustrating , but then again I don't know what I could do if I gave up racing '' .
One of Nikita Khrushchev's most enthusiastic eulogizers , the U.S.S.R.'s daily Izvestia , enterprisingly interviewed Red-prone Comedian Charlie Chaplin at his Swiss villa , where he has been in self-exile since 1952 .
Chaplin , 71 , who met K. when the Soviet boss visited England in 1956 , confided that he hopes to visit Russia some time this summer because `` I have marveled at your grandiose experiment and I believe in your future '' .
Like Philadelphia's late Dr. Albert C. Barnes who kept his own great collection closed to the general public ( Time , Jan. 2 ) , Thompson , at 61 , is something of a legend in his own lifetime .
He made his fortune during World War 2 , when he took over a number of dying steel plants and kept them alive until the boom .
He was able to smell a bargain -- and a masterpiece -- a continent away , and the Museum of Modern Art's Alfred Barr said of him : `` I have never mentioned a new artist that Thompson didn't know about '' .
He went then to a 40-year-old Basel art dealer named Ernst Beyeler , with whom he had long been trading pictures .
Last year Beyeler arranged to sell $1,500,000 worth of Klees to the state of North Rhine-Westphalia , which will house them in a museum that is yet to be built .
They graduated together from Atlanta's Turner High School , where Valedictorian Holmes was first in the class and Charlayne third .
Holmes went to Atlanta's Morehouse ( Negro ) College , where he is a B student and star halfback .
The evidence in court was testimony about the interview , which for Holmes lasted an hour , although at least one white student at Georgia got through this ritual by a simple phone conversation .
When the University of Chicago's Chancellor Lawrence A. Kimpton submitted his resignation last March , a mighty talent hunt gripped the Midway .
Last week Chicago happily found its top scholar in Caltech's acting dean of the faculty : dynamic Geneticist George Wells Beadle , 57 , who shared the 1958 Nobel Prize in medicine and physiology for discovering how genes affect heredity by controlling cell chemistry ( Time , Cover , July 14 , 1958 ) .
But though Kimpton put Chicago in what he felt was working order , some old grads feel that it still needs the kind of lively teachers who filled it in the heady Hutchins era .
Beadle is even that rare scientist who takes an interest in money matters ; ;
The man was King Leopold 2 , of the Belgians , who in 1885 concluded that he had better grab a colony while the grabbing was still good .
they were determined by the points at which Leopold's explorers and gunmen got tired of walking .
it has been made far more difficult by what the Belgians have done , or failed to do , in the Congo since 1885 .
Ordinarily a father permits his children to grow up in due time -- but when the colony received independence in 1960 the Congolese child , if one imagines him to have been born in 1908 , was 52 and had until then been treated as an infant .
The Belgians were interested primarily in the economic development of the Congo , which is rich in copper , tin , cobalt , manganese , zinc , and uranium , and cotton and palm oil .
The beneficiaries of this administration were a number of huge cartels in which both individuals and the Belgian government itself held stock .
In Inside Africa , John Gunther describes one of these , the Societe Generale , as `` the kind of colossus that might be envisaged if , let us say , the House of Morgan , Anaconda Copper , the Mutual Life Insurance Company of New York , the Pennsylvania Railroad , and various companies producing agricultural products were lumped together , with the United States government as a heavy partner '' .
They provided a social security system which covered all their African employes ; ;
They also instituted a ration system under which all employers in the Congo were required to furnish their employes with clothing and adequate food .
Indeed , the Belgians discouraged higher education , fearing the creation of a native intellectual elite which might cause unrest .
When the Congo received its independence in 1960 there were , among its 13.5 million people , exactly 14 university graduates .
Why did the Belgians grant independence to a colony so manifestly unprepared to accept it ? ?
The Congolese were clamoring for their independence , even though most were unsure what it meant ; ;
rather than teach where teaching was not wanted , they would wash their hands of the mess .
Yet there were other motivations and actions which the Belgians took after independence for which history may not find them guiltless .
First , there were those Congolese ( among them Joseph Kasavubu ) who favored splitting the country into small independent states , Balkanizing it .
Second , there were those ( Moise Tshombe ) who favored near-Balkanization , a loose federalism having a central government of limited authority , with much power residing in the states .
Third , there were those ( notably Patrice Lumumba ) who favored a unified Congo with a very strong central government .
And fourth , there were moderates who were in no hurry for independence and wished to wait until the Congo grew up .
However , the positions of all parties and leaders were constantly shifting .
A final factor which contributed greatly to the fragmentation of the Congo , immediately after independence , was the provincial structure that had been established by the Belgians for convenience in administration .
Thus some provinces contained tribes which detested each other , and to them independence meant an opportunity for war .
The Belgian Congo was granted its independence with what seemed a workable Western-style form of government : there were to be a president and a premier , and a bicameral legislature elected by universal suffrage in the provinces .
If internal frictions arose , they could be handled by the 25,000-man Congolese army , the Force Publique , which had been trained and was still officered by white Belgians .
Terror engulfed the thousands of Belgian civilians who had remained in the country .
On July 14 the Security Council -- with France and Great Britain abstaining -- voted the resolution which drew the U.N. into the Congo .
He quickly called on Ghana , Tunisia , Morocco , Guinea and Mali , which dispatched troops within hours .
Ultimately the U.N. army in the Congo reached a top strength of 19,000 , including about 5,000 from India and a few soldiers from Eire and Sweden , who were the only whites .
) Lumumba further complicated the U.N.'s mission by initiating small `` wars '' with the secessionist province of Katanga and with South Kasai which , under Albert Kalonji , wanted to secede as well .
Mobutu promptly flung out the Russians , who have not since played any significant part on the local scene , although they have redoubled their obstructionist efforts at U.N. headquarters in New York .
But they left behind them large numbers of officers , variously called `` volunteers '' or `` mercenaries '' , who now staff the army of Moise Tshombe in Katanga , the seceded province which , according to Tshombe , holds 65% of the mineral wealth of the entire country .
In February the murder of Patrice Lumumba , who had been kidnaped into Katanga and executed on order of Tshombe , again stirred the U.N. to action .
On this issue , the President received a detailed report from his U.N. Ambassador Adlai Stevenson , who had just returned from Paris , and Mr. Kennedy asked Stevenson to search for a face-saving way -- for both Paris and Tunis -- out of the imbroglio .
The President also discussed the Bizerte deadlock with the No. 2 man in the Tunisian Government , Defense Minister Bahi Ladgham , who flew to Washington last week to seek U.S. support .
and one U.S. official said : `` The key question now is which side picks up the phone first '' .
On the Latin American front , the President held talks with Secretary of the Treasury Douglas Dillon before sending him to Uruguay and the Inter-American Economic and Social Council ( which the President himself had originally hoped to attend ) .
however the President , who would like to woo the former Chinese province away from both Peking and Moscow , would promise Chen nothing more than an abstention by the U.S. if Outer Mongolia's admission comes to a vote .
The President also conferred with emissaries from Guatemala and Nepal who are seeking more foreign aid .
in effect , he was practicing what he preached in his Berlin message two weeks ago when he declared : `` We shall always be prepared to discuss international problems with any and all nations that are willing to talk , and listen , with reason '' .
When Continental Airlines night-coach Flight 54 took off at 11:30 one night last week , there was no reason to think it would take any longer .
Thirty-one minutes later , when it took off for El Paso , hardly anyone of the crew of six or the 65 other passengers paid any attention to the man and teen-age boy who had come aboard .
To Rickards , a 52-year-old veteran 30 years in the air , it was an old story : His plane was being hijacked in mid-flight again much as it had happened in 1930 , when Peruvian rebels made him land a Ford tri-motor at Arequipa .
But last week's pirates , like the Cuban-American who recently hijacked an Eastern Airlines Electra ( Newsweek , Aug. 7 ) , wanted to go to Havana .
Most passengers didn't know what had happened until they got on the ground .
What the man wanted was four persons to volunteer as hostages , along with the crew .
They chose four : Jack Casey , who works for Continental Airlines in Houston ; ;
They found a large welcoming group -- El Paso policemen , Border Patrol , sheriff's deputies , and FBI men , who surged around the plane with rifles and submachine guns .
The ground crew , which ordinarily fuels a 707 in twenty minutes , took fully three hours .
they had orders to that effect straight from President Kennedy , who thought at first , as did most others , that it was four followers of Cuba's Fidel Castro who had taken over the 707 .
With the money all but in hand , however , the Administration indicated that , instead of the 225,000 more men in uniform that President Kennedy had requested , the armed forces would be increased by only 160,000 .
In all , the Senate signed a check for $46.7 billion , which not only included the extra $3.5 billion requested the week before by President Kennedy , but tacked on $754 million more than the President had asked for .
) The House , which had passed its smaller appropriation before the President's urgent call for more , was expected to go along with the increased defense budget in short order .
The Senate ( by voice vote ) and the House ( by 224-170 ) passed and sent to the White House the compromise farm bill which the President is expected to sign , not too unhappily .
As a result , ever since 1851 when the Senate restaurant opened in the new wing of the Capitol Building , the senators have never ceased to grumble about the food -- even while they opposed every move that might improve it .
Result is a better prospect for a full payoff by bonds that once were regarded as highly speculative .
Things are looking up these days for many of the State turnpikes on which investors depend for income from their toll-road bonds .
As a result of the new outlook for turnpikes , investors who bought toll-road bonds when these securities ranked as outright speculations are now finding new hope for their investments .
However , in the same three-month period , toll-road bonds , as a group , have bucked this trend .
Investors , however , still see an element of more-than-ordinary risk in the toll-road bonds .
Many of the toll-road bonds still are selling at prices that offer the prospect of an annual yield of 4 per cent , or very close to that .
And this is true in the case of some turnpikes on which revenues have risen close to , or beyond , the point at which the roads start to pay all operating costs plus annual interest on the bonds .
It's not much more , in fact , than the return that is offered on U. S. Treasury bonds .
For investors whose income is taxed at high rates , though , a tax-free yield of 4 per cent is high .
A new report on the earnings records of toll roads in the most recent 12-month period -- ending in February or March -- shows what is happening .
The road's engineers look for further improvement when the turnpike is extended into Boston .
Some turnpikes have not been in full operation long enough to prove what they can do .
Further improvements in earnings of the Kansas Turnpike are expected late in 1961 , with the opening of a new bypass at Wichita , and still later when the turnpike gets downtown connections in both Kansas City , Kans. , and Kansas City , Mo. .
Investors studying the toll-road bonds for opportunities find that not all roads are nearing their goals .
These , however , are exceptions .
It's going to take time for investors to learn how many of the toll-road bonds will pay out in full .
Already , however , several of the turnpikes are earning enough to cover interest requirements by comfortable margins .
There are many places where we can use their vigor and new ideas ' '' .
Gradual , controlled expansion of the world's textile trade is what President Kennedy wants .
In veiled terms , that's what the Kennedy Administration is saying to the American textile industry .
The Government will help in transferring companies and workers into new lines , where modernization doesn't seem feasible .
Import quotas aren't ruled out where the national interest is involved .
Every library borrower , or at least those whose taste goes beyond the five-cent fiction rentals , knows what it is to hear the librarian say apologetically , `` I'm sorry , but we don't have that book .
What to buy out of the year's grist of nearly 15,000 book titles ? ?
What to buy for adult and child readers , for lovers of fiction and nonfiction , for a clientele whose wants are incredibly diversified , when your budget is pitifully small ? ?
A startlingly high percentage do not exceed $500 annually , which includes the librarian's salary , and not even the New York Public has enough money to meet its needs -- this in the world's richest city .
Confronted with this situation , most libraries either endure the severe limitations of their budgets and do what they can with what they have , or else depend on the bounty of patrons and local governments to supplement their annual funds .
In some parts of the country , however , a co-operative movement has begun to grow , under the wing of state governments , whereby , with the financial help of the state , libraries share their book resources on a county-wide or regional basis .
New York State has what is probably the most advanced of these co-operative systems , so well developed that it has become a model for others to follow .
Because it is so large a state , with marked contrasts in population density , the organization of the New York co-operative offers a cross-section of how the plan works .
At one extreme are the systems of upper New York State , where libraries in two or more counties combine to serve a large , sparsely populated area .
Both these types , and those in between , are in existence by reason of a legislative interest in libraries that began at Albany as early as 1950 , with the creation by the legislature of county library systems financed by county governments with matching funds from the state .
A small library may cherish its independence and established ways , and resist joining in a cooperative movement that sometimes seems radical to older members of the board .
Within a system , however , the autonomy of each member library is preserved .
So obvious are these advantages that nearly 95 per cent of the population of New York State now has access to a system , and enthusiastic librarians foresee the day , not too distant , when all the libraries in the state will belong to a co-op .
In Nassau County , for example , the heavily settled Long Island suburb of New York City , the system is credited by the state with serving one million persons , a figure that has doubled since 1950 .
The Nassau system recognizes that its major task it to broaden reference service , what with the constant expansion of education and knowledge , and the pressure of population growth in a metropolitan area .
Nassau is currently building a central collection of reference materials in its Hempstead headquarters , which will reach its goal of 100,000 volumes by 1965 .
It is connected by teletype with the State Library in Albany , which will supply any book to a system that the system itself cannot provide .
Each subject center library was chosen because of its demonstrated strength in a particular area , which headquarters could then build upon .
Schools and community groups turn to the headquarters film library for documentary , art , and experimental films to show at libraries that sponsor local programs , and to organizations in member communities .
The most recent film catalogue , available at each library , lists 110 titles presently in the collection , any of which may be borrowed without charge .
Sample copies of new books are on display at headquarters , where librarians may evaluate them by themselves or in workshop groups .
In addition to the interlibrary loan service and the children's program , headquarters has a public relations director who seeks to get wider grassroots support for quality library service in the county ; ;
and it publishes Sum And Substance , a monthly newsletter , which reports the system's activities to the staffs and trustees of member libraries .
Librarians , a patient breed of men and women who have borne much with dedication , can begin to see results today .
Today , more than ever before , the survival of our free society depends upon the citizen who is both informed and concerned .
Education must not be limited to our youth but must be a continuing process through our entire lives , for it is only through knowledge that we , as a nation , can cope with the dangers that threaten our society .
if we do not know how to use what we do read .
Although progress has been made in America's system of libraries it still falls short of what is required if we are to maintain the standards that are needed for an informed America .
The General Assembly , which adjourns today , has performed in an atmosphere of crisis and struggle from the day it convened .
It was faced immediately with a showdown on the schools , an issue which was met squarely in conjunction with the governor with a decision not to risk abandoning public education .
There followed the historic appropriations and budget fight , in which the General Assembly decided to tackle executive powers .
No action has been taken , however , on such major problems as ending the fee system , penal reform , modification of the county unit system and in outright banning of fireworks sales .
Fortunately it spared us from the usual spate of silly resolutions which in the past have made Georgia look like anything but `` the empire state of the South '' .
These women whose organization grew out of the old suffrage movement are dedicated to Thomas Jefferson's dictum that one must cherish the people's spirit but `` Keep alive their attention '' .
Cities and counties interested in industrial development would do well in the months ahead to keep their eyes peeled toward the 13 northwest Georgia counties that are members of the Coosa Valley Area Planning and Development Commission .
It recognizes the fact that what helps one county helps its neighbors and that by banding together in an area-wide effort better results can be accomplished than through the go-it-alone approach .
The Rusk belief in balanced defense , replacing the Dulles theory of massive retaliation , removes a grave danger that has existed .
That such expansion can be obtained without a raise in taxes is due to growth of the tax digest and sound fiscal planning on the part of the board of commissioners , headed by Chairman Charles O. Emmerich who is demonstrating that the public trust he was given was well placed , and other county officials .
Actually it amounts to $1,250,000 above what the institution already is receiving , considering the additional half-million dollars Gov. Vandiver allocated last year from the state surplus .
The work week of attendants who are on duty 65 hours and more per week should be reduced .
Considering what is being done compared to what needs to be done , it behooves the hospital management to do some mighty careful planning toward making the best possible use of the increase granted .
The recent history of the Dominican Republic is an almost classical study of the way in which even a professedly benevolent dictatorship tends to become oppressive .
The jails were filled to overflowing with political prisoners who had incurred his displeasure .
He maintained amply financed lobbies in the United States and elsewhere which sycophantically chanted his praise , and his influence extended even to Congress .
Tardily the Government here came to understand how this country's own reputation was tarnished by the association with repression .
There was considerable evidence of a tacit rapprochement with Castro in Cuba , previously a bete noire to Trujillo -- thus illustrating the way in which totalitarianism of the right and left coalesces .
What comes after Trujillo is now the puzzle .
Such a twist would be a tragedy for the Dominican people , who deserve to breathe without fear .
High-speed buses on the George Washington Memorial Parkway , operating between downtown Washington and Cabin John , Glen Echo and Brookmont , would constitute an alluring sample of what the new National Capital Transportation Agency can do for this city .
That this and the closing of the East Berlin-West Berlin border have not been accepted by the Western governments appears in notes which Britain , France , and the United States sent to Moscow after the latter's gratuitous protest over a visit of Chancellor Adenauer and other West German officials to West Berlin .
There remains , of course , the question of what the West can do beyond diplomatic protest to prevent the illegal efforts from becoming accomplished facts .
One ground of action certainly exists when fusillades of stray shots go over into West Berlin as Communist `` vopos '' try to gun down fleeing unarmed residents .
Another remained when an American Army car was recovered but with a broken glass .
Remembering the step-by-step fate of Danzig and the West German misgivings about `` salami '' tactics , it is to be hoped that the dispatch of General Clay to West Berlin as President Kennedy's representative will mark a stiffening of response not only to future indignities and aggressions but also to some that have passed .
That picture of the American prairie is as indelibly fixed in the memory of those who have studied the conquest of the American continent as any later cinema image of the West made in live-oak canyons near Hollywood .
For it was the millions of buffalo and prairie chicken and the endless seas of grass that symbolized for a whole generation of Americans the abundant supply that was to take many of them westward when the Ohio and Mississippi valleys began to fill .
American history should clinch the case when Congress is asked to approve .
Why , then , with these voluntary barricades and some state laws barring liquor ads , is it necessary to seek congressional action ? ?
Simply because the subverting action of firms that are not members of the Distilled Spirits Institute and of radio and TV stations that are not members of the NAB tends to spread .
Although the false glamour surrounding bourbon or other whisky commercials is possibly no more fatuous than the pseudo-sophistication with which TV soft-drinks are downed or toothpaste applied , there is a sad difference between enticing a viewer into sipping Oopsie-Cola and gulling him into downing bourbon .
Registered Democrats in New York City this year have the opportunity to elect their party's candidates for Mayor and other municipal posts and the men who will run their party organization .
In the central contest , that for Mayor , they may have found some pertinent points in what each faction has said about the other .
State Controller Arthur Levitt , on the other hand , cannot effectively deny that he has chosen to be the candidate of those party leaders who as a rule have shown livelier interest in political power than in the city's welfare .
Mayor Wagner's shortcomings have perhaps been more mercilessly exposed than those of Mr. Levitt who left an impression of quiet competence in his more protected state post .
Mr. Wagner might or might not be a `` new '' Mayor in this third term , now that he is free of the pressure of those party leaders whom he calls `` bosses '' .
These are , of course , the same people whose support he has only now rejected to seek the independent vote .
But his reelection would strengthen the liberal Democrats and the labor unions who back him .
He must show at the outset that he means exactly what he says .
But because of the peculiar nature of the military situation in Laos , the Soviet leader must be tempted to let things ride -- a course that would appear to cost him little on the spot , but would bog Washington in a tactical mess .
The State Department tacitly rejected the neutral Laos idea after the Geneva conference of 1954 , and last year Washington backed the rightist coup that ousted neutral Premier Souvanna Phouma .
But for the safety of Southeast Asia , and for the sake of the Laotian people -- who would not be well-ruled by either militant minority now engaged in the fighting -- this last big effort to seal that country from the cold war had to be made .
The relatively few communities that have educational stations have found them of considerable value .
The House was his habitat and there he flourished , first as a young representative , then as a forceful committee chairman , and finally in the post for which he seemed intended from birth , Speaker of the House , and second most powerful man in Washington .
When it was not , one of the great dramas of Washington would be presented .
He expected Democrats to do their duty when it had been patiently pointed out to them .
There are only two men remaining in Congress who , with Rayburn , voted for the declaration of war against Germany in 1917 .
The Senate to him was not the `` upper body '' and he corrected those who said he served `` under '' the president .
Sound the roll of those with whom he served and who preceded him in death .
Woodrow Wilson , with whom he began his years in Washington , Warren G. Harding , Calvin Coolidge , FDR , with whom he managed a social revolution .
Mr. Truman has only to recall the `` hopeless '' campaign of 1948 to remember what a loyal partisan he was and the first experience of Mr. Kennedy with Congress would have been sadder than it was had not Mr. Sam been there .
Thirteen Italian airmen who went to the Congo to serve the cause of peace under the United Nations banner have instead met violent death at the hands of Congolese troops supposedly their friends .
Does this suggest that the Congo is fit for nationhood or that UN is making any progress whatever toward its goal of so making it ? ?
It happens in the territory of the Leopoldville government , which is itself a fiction , demonstrably incapable of governing , and commanding only such limited credit abroad as UN support gives it .
The main question raised by the incident is how much longer will UN bury its head in the sand on the Congo problem instead of facing the bitter fact that it has no solution in present terms ? ?
Right now , they are pushing a resolution which would have UN use its forces to invade and subjugate Katanga .
Further , it has its work cut out stopping anarchy where it is now garrisoned .
It is perhaps too late now to talk of mandate because it is inconsistent with what is termed political realism .
The editorial was based on a news association dispatch which said that the telegraphers had secured an agreement whereby they were guaranteed 40 hours' pay per week whether they worked or not and that a reduction in their number was limited to 2 per cent per year .
The statement was also made that undoubtedly the railroad had received some compensating benefit from the telegraphers , but that it was difficult to imagine what could balance a job for life .
Additional information supplied to us discloses that the railroad gained a stabilized supply of telegraphers of which it was in need .
Time was when the house of delegates of the American Bar association leaned to the common sense side .
But the internationalists have taken over the governing body of the bar , and when the lads met in St. Louis , it was not to grumble about the humidity but to vote unanimously that the United Nations was scarcely less than wonderful , despite an imperfection here and there .
Meanwhile , in Moscow , Khrushchev was adding his bit to the march of world law by promising to build a bomb with a wallop equal to 100 million tons of TNT , to knock sense into the heads of those backward oafs who can't see the justice of surrendering West Berlin to communism .
A nuclear pacifier of these dimensions -- roughly some six and a half times bigger than anything the United States has triggered experimentally -- would certainly produce a bigger bang , and , just for kicks , Khrushchev might use it to propel the seminar of the house of delegates from St. Louis to the moon , where there wouldn't even be any beer to drink .
While he was at it , the philosopher of the Kremlin contributed an additional assist to the rule of reason by bellowing at those in the west who can't appreciate coexistence thru suicide .
`` Fools '' , he bayed , `` what do you think you are doing '' ? ?
The craft made the familiar unwelcome flight to Havana , where , for some unknown reason , Castro rushed to the airport to express mortification to the Colombian foreign minister , a passenger , who is not an admirer of old Ten O'Clock Shadow .
The plane was sent back to the United States , for a change , but Castro kept the crazy gunman , who will prove a suitable recruit to the revolution .
Less respect for the legal conventions was displayed by Castro's right hand man , Che Guevara , who edified the Inter-American Economic and Social council meeting in Montevideo by reading two secret American documents purloined from the United States embassy at Caracas , Venezuela .
The contents were highly embarrassing to American spokesmen , who were on hand to promise Latin Americans a 20 billion dollar foreign aid millennium .
The same can be said about the half-hearted Cuban invasion mounted by the administration last April , which , we trust , is not symptomatic of the methods to be invoked in holding off the felonious Khrushchev .
The request for lower rates originated with the Southern railway , which has spent a good deal of time and money developing a 100-ton hopper car with which it says it can move grain at about half what it costs in the conventional , smaller car .
The board's action shows what free enterprise is up against in our complex maze of regulatory laws .
As head of the United Nations he was the symbol of world peace , and his tragic end came at a moment when peace hangs precariously .
He had sought talks with Moise Tshombe , the secessionist president of Congo's Katanga province where recent fighting had been bloody .
The U.N.-chartered plane which was flying from the conference city of Ndola in Northern Rhodesia had been riddled with machinegun bullets last weekend and was newly repaired .
The Congo , in whose cause he died , was the scene of one of his greatest triumphs .
His policies had resolved the conflicts that threatened to ignite the cold war and workable solutions were beginning to take shape .
When the recent Katangan outbreaks imperiled these solutions Mr. Hammarskjold , despite the danger , flew to exert a calming influence .
If the manner of his passing moves the nations to act in the spirit of his dedication the sore issues that plague the world can yet be resolved with reason and justice .
Even when public bodies arrived at a consensus , at least one dissenting vote has been usual .
It is one of the rare public ventures here on which nearly everyone is agreed .
West Germany will face the crucial tests that lie ahead , on Berlin and unification , with a coalition government .
In order to form a new government it must deal with one of the two rival parties which gained strength .
Both Willy Brandt's Social Democrats , who gained 22 seats in the new parliament , and the Free Democrats , who picked up 23 , will insist on that before they enter the government .
The wizard who fashioned West Germany's astonishing industrial rebirth is the soul of free enterprise .
What is in doubt as the free Germans and their allies consider the voting trends is the nature of the coalition that will result .
If the party of Adenauer and Erhart , with 45 per cent of the vote , approaches the party of Willy Brandt , which won 36 per cent , the result would be a stiffening of the old resolve .
And the career of Konrad Adenauer , who upheld Germany's tradition of rock-like leaders which Bismarck began , draws near the end .
Americans are a nation of joiners , a quality which our friends find endearing and sometimes amusing .
For instance , so-called `` conservative '' organizations , some of them secret , are sprouting in the garden of joining where `` liberal '' organizations once took root .
One specific example is a secret `` fraternity '' which will `` coordinate anti-Communist efforts '' .
According to The Chicago Tribune News Service , State Atty. Gen. Stanley Mosk of California has devised a series of questions which the joiner might well ask about any organization seeking his money and his name : 1 .
Does it put the label of un-American or subversive on everyone with whom it disagrees politically ? ?
If the would-be joiner asks these questions he is not likely to be duped by extremists who are seeking to capitalize on the confusions and the patriotic apprehensions of Americans in a troubled time .
Falling somewhere in a category between Einstein's theory and sand fleas -- difficult to see but undeniably there , nevertheless -- is the tropical green `` city '' of Islandia , a string of offshore islands that has almost no residents , limited access and an unlimited future .
The latter is what concerns us all .
Whatever land you can see here , from the North tip end of Elliott Key looking southward , belongs to someone -- people who have title to the land .
And what you can't see , the land underneath the water , belongs to someone , too .
The only real problem is to devise a plan whereby the owners of the above-water land can develop their property without the public losing its underwater land and the right to its development for public use and enjoyment .
And until this protection is at least as concrete as , say , the row of hotels that bars us from our own sands at Miami Beach , those who represent us all should agree to nothing .
`` The people of this state do not yield their sovereignty to the agencies that serve them .
The people , in delegating authority , do not give their public servants the right to decide what is good for the people to know and what is not good for them to know .
The full implementation of these noble words , however , has taken the efforts of five sessions of the Legislature .
When all else fails , it is argued that open sessions slow down governmental operations .
But the citizens would , of course , never be sure that the decisions that resulted were as correct as they were expeditious .
If the Dominican Republic achieves free , democratic government , it will be due in large part to the U.S. show of force that enabled President Balaguer to prevent a threatened restoration of Trujillo dictatorship .
Within the Organization of American States , there may be some criticism of this unilateral American intervention which was not without risk obviously .
But there was no complaint from the Dominican crowds which lined Ciudad Trujillo's waterfront shouting , `` Vive Yankees '' ! !
those watching the growing rivalry between craft unions and industrial unions may recognize all the pressures that led to the big labor split in 1935 .
Craft unions seek work that industrial unions claim , such as factory maintenance .
Or that's what it looked like at the time .
But the jurisdictional disputes that result from the craft-industrial rivalry do not win friends for labor .
The 1961 feed grain program , which the secretary sponsored , has been declared a billion dollar fiasco .
But those who would revitalize so complex an organization must , first of all , overcome the resistance of layers of officials wedded to traditional procedures , suspicious of innovation and fearful of mistakes .
But competent observers believe he is making progress , particularly toward what Sen. Jackson lists as the primary need -- `` a clearer understanding of where our vital national interests lie and what we must do to promote them '' .
The Jackson report will provide some of the political support Mr. Rusk will need if he is to get rid of department personnel engaged , as Sen. Jackson puts it , `` in work that does not really need doing '' .
James P. Mitchell , when he was the head of the department , promised to eat his hat if unemployment didn't drop below three million a couple of years ago .
His successor , Secretary Goldberg , also has been guessing wrong on a drop in the unemployment rate which has been holding just under 7 per cent for the last 11 months .
He is basing his guess on new government statistics that show business has broadened its stride -- a new record high in personal income , an increase in housing starts , a spurt in retail sales and a gain in orders for durable goods .
Cambodia's chief of state , who has been accused of harboring Communist marauders and otherwise making life miserable for neighboring South Viet Nam and Thailand , insists he would be very unhappy if communism established its power in Southeast Asia .
New Jersey folk need not be told of the builder's march to the sea , for in a single generation he has parceled and populated miles of our shoreline and presses on to develop the few open spaces that remain .
But Interior Secretary Udall warns that there is a race on between those who would develop our few surviving open shorelines and those who would save them for the enjoyment of all as public preserves .
By comparison , Stone Harbor bird sanctuary's allies seem less formidable , for aside from the Audubon Society , they are mostly the snowy , common and cattle egrets and the Louisiana , green , little blue and black-crowned herons who nest and feed there .
Anybody who is expecting a joyride should , according to Mr. Shriver , get off the train right now .
Then off to a remote place in an underdeveloped country where the diet , culture , language and living conditions will be different .
Despite all this , the idea apparently has captured the imagination of countless youths whose parents are probably more surprised by the response than anybody else .
But for those which do , the slow growth of the area has a retarding effect on the metropolitan core .
He says the state , in order to proceed with economic development , must develop an understanding of how the various parts of its economy fit together and dovetail into the national economy .
The Carbondale Industrial Development Corp. has obtained a $500,000 loan to help defray the cost of remodeling a city-owned factory to accommodate production that will provide 500 new jobs .
Carbondale is in the Herrin-Murphysboro-West Frankfort labor market , where unemployment has been substantially higher than the national average .
And then there is St. Louis county , where the Democratic leadership has shown little appreciation of the need for sound zoning , of the important relationship between proper land use and economic growth .
But it is tradition rather than the record which balks at the expunging of the Tammany name .
After all , it goes back to the days in which sedition was not un-American , the days in which the Sons of St. Tammany conspired to overthrow the government by force and violence -- the British government , that is .
They will -- when they give up the donkey and the elephant .
Instead of attempting the impossible , why not a publicity campaign to prove that all the tiger's stripes are not black ? ?
Using a Batista man to screen refugees represented a total misunderstanding of the democratic forces which alone can effectively oppose Castro .
And while he had headed Batista's anti-Communist section , the Batista regime did not disturb the Communists so much as more open opponents who were alleged to be Communists .
Some reports say he was rescued from timely retirement by his friend , Congressman Walter of Pennsylvania , at a moment when the Kennedy Administration was diligently searching for all the House votes it could get .
As a former President , however , Mr. Eisenhower abandoned this role to engage in partisan sniping during a New York Republican rally , and generally missed his target .
His words were the more ungracious to come from a man who lent his name to the Eisenhower Exchange Fellowships dedicated to the same goal of international understanding .
It was the Eisenhower Administration which produced the largest peacetime deficit .
This statement recalls the 1959 Berlin crisis , when President Eisenhower first told reporters that Berlin could not be defended with conventional weapons and then added that a nuclear defense was out of the picture too .
Reports that the venerable liner , which has been in service since 1936 , was to be retired struck a nostalgic note in many of us .
Also under consideration is an increased investment in Cunard Eagle Airways which has applied to serve New York .
The rebels may try to seize what is left of the October harvest when the floods recede and the monsoon ends in November .
Nothing that is likely to happen , however , should prompt the sending of United States soldiers for other than instructional missions .
The Indochina struggle was a war to stay out of in 1954 , when Gen. Ridgway estimated it would take a minimum of 10 to 15 divisions at the outset to win a war the French were losing .
Gen. Taylor , the President's special military adviser , is a level-headed officer who is not likely to succumb to propaganda or pressure .
Gov. John M. Dalton , himself a lawyer and a man of long service in government , spoke with rich background and experience when he said in an address here that lawyers ought to quit sitting in the Missouri General Assembly , or quit accepting fees from individuals and corporations who have controversies with or axes to grind with the government and who are retained , not because of their legal talents , but because of their government influence .
What they have objected to is the attempt of the Russians to make use of the tragedy of Dag Hammarskjold's death to turn the entire U.N. staff from the Secretary down into political agents of the respective countries from which they come .
Although the United States and the U.S.S.R. have been arguing whether there shall be four , five or six top assistants , the most important element in the situation is not the number of deputies but the manner in which these deputies are to do their work .
If they give him advice when he asks it , or if they perform specified duties under his direction , the nature of the U. N. will not of necessity change .
This is the root issue for which the United States should stand .
What we must have , if the United Nations is to survive , is as nonpolitical , nonpartisan an organization at the top as human beings can make it , subject to no single nation's direction and subservient to no single nation's ambition .
The new City Charter , which should get a Yes vote as Question No. 1 on Nov. 7 , would not make a good Mayor out of a bad one .
He loses now-misplaced tax collection duties , which go to the Finance Department .
The Inter-american Press Association , which blankets the Western Hemisphere from northern Canada to Cape Horn , is meeting in New York City this week for the first time in eleven years .
This , in more diplomatic language , is what Adlai Stevenson told the newspaper men of Latin America yesterday on behalf of the United States Government .
The Twenty-second Soviet Communist Party Congress opens in Moscow today in a situation contrasting sharply with the script prepared many months ago when this meeting was first announced .
According to the original program , Premier Khrushchev expected the millions looking toward the Kremlin this morning to be filled with admiration or rage -- depending upon individual or national politics -- because of the `` bold program for building communism in our time '' which the Congress will adopt .
And there must be many Soviet citizens who know what is going on and who realize that before they can hope to enjoy the full life promised for 1980 they and their children must first survive .
The widespread purge that has taken place the past twelve months or so among Communist leaders in the provinces gives assurance that the party officials who will dominate the Congress , and the Central Committee it will elect , will all have passed the tightest possible Khrushchev screening , both for loyalty to him and for competence and performance on the job .
His strong opposition to the transfer of Negro children to schools outside their own neighborhood , in the interest of integration , will be attacked by Negro leaders who have fought for , and achieved , this open or permissive enrollment .
His suggestion that the prestige colleges be made the training institutions for medical , law and graduate schools will run into strong opposition from these colleges themselves -- even though what he is recommending is already taking shape as a trend .
The villains of the piece are those who deny job opportunities to these youngsters , and Dr. Conant accuses employers and labor unions alike .
A call for action `` before it is too late '' has alarming implications when it comes from a man who , in his previous reports on the schools , cautioned so strongly against extreme measures .
A fascinating letter has just reached this desk from a correspondent who likes to receive so-called junk mail .
This means an added burden to innumerable postmen , who already are complaining of heavy loads and low pay , and it presumably means an increased postal deficit , but , our correspondent writes , think of the additional junk mail each citizen will now be privileged to receive on a regular basis .
This did not happen in counties of North Georgia , where the rivers run and make rich the bottom land .
Nor in South Georgia , where the summer sun shines warmly and gives early life to the things growing in the flat fields .
O. N. Moss , 61 , tall , grey as a possum , canning plant chief since 1946 , didn't know what to say .
But DeKalb citizens , those who use the facilities of the cannery , say the cannery is not supposed to make any money .
And one of the best services available to the people who try to raise and can meat , to plant , grow vegetables and put them up .
It helps those people who help themselves .
`` The county , though , seems more interested in those people who don't even try , those who sit and draw welfare checks and line up for surplus food '' .
A driver of a dairy truck , who begins work at 1 a.m. finishes before breakfast , then goes out and grows a garden , and who has used the cannery to save and feed a family of five , asked , `` What in the world will we do '' ? ?
`` What in the world '' , echoed others , those come with the beans , potatoes , the tomatoes , `` will any of us do '' ? ?
Moss , a man who knows how much the cannery helps the county , doesn't believe it will close .
When a person has thoughtlessly or deliberately caused us pain or hardship it is not always easy to say , `` Just forget it '' .
I know a man who held resentment against a neighbor for more than three decades .
After almost everyone had gone he told me the simple story of how one of his neighbors had moved a fence a few feet over on his land .
Forgiveness is the door through which a person must pass to enter the Kingdom of God .
It will do no good to seek God's forgiveness until we have forgiven those who have done us wrong .
When a person meets God's requirements for the experience of forgiveness he is forgiven .
Once Peter asked , `` How oft shall my brother sin against me , and I forgive him ? ?
With all the energy of his broken body he prayed , `` Father , forgive them , for they know not what they do '' .
She's been in and out of my house for a dozen years now , although she's still a teen-ager who looks like a baby , she is getting married .
Her mother , now dead , was my good friend and when she came to tell us about her plans and to show off her ring I had a sobering wish to say something meaningful to her , something her mother would wish said .
But when some of the squeals had subsided and she had been through one of those sessions that are so indispensable to the young female -- six girls sprawled on one bed , drinking Cokes and giggling -- she came back to the kitchen to talk with me a minute .
`` How do you know you love somebody enough to get married '' ? ?
It was the oldest and toughest question young lovers have ever asked : How can you be sure ? ?
Besides , in all honesty , I don't know how you can be sure .
In the fevered , intoxicating , breathless state of being in love the usual signposts that guide you to lasting and satisfying relationships are sometimes obscured .
I knew of but one test and I threw it out to her for what it was worth .
`` I mean '' , I went on ruthlessly , `` when he's not talking about you or himself or the wonders of love , is he interesting ? ?
Does he care about things that matter to you ? ?
Because , honey , I thought silently , there are plenty of desert islands in every marriage -- long periods when you're hopelessly stranded , together .
Who stops to think of that ? ?
Imagine the searching and the prayer that lay behind the letter the rector wrote after almost a decade of service to this majestic church .
And so the young minister resigned , to go and study and pray , having never passed a day , he told his parishioners , when `` I did not gain from you far more than I ever gave to you '' .
His very honest act called up the recent talk I had with another minister , a modest Methodist , who said : `` I feel so deeply blessed by God when I can give a message of love and comfort to other men , and I would have it no other way : and it is unworthy to think of self .
But oh , how I do sometimes need just a moment of rest , and peace , in myself '' .
A man who gives himself to God and to the believers of his church takes upon himself a life of giving .
The good ones are not motivated to seek vainly , nor are they disposed to covet comfort , or they would have been led to fields that offer comfort and feed vanity .
Yet we who lean upon such a man and draw strength from him and expect interpretation of the infinite through him -- we who readily accept his sacrifice as our due , we of the congregations are the first to tell him what is in our minds instead of listening to what is in his soul .
We expect him to be noble , and to make us so -- yet he knows , and tries to tell us , how very humble man must be .
Yet every Sunday we sinners go to that emergency room to receive first aid , and we leave unmindful that the man who ministered to us is a human being who suffers , too .
The narrow fringe of sadness that ran around it only emphasized the pleasure .
`` But '' , it said , `` do you always know when you're happy '' ? ?
Here , in the cool , autumn-touched evening , Mr. Podger mentally retraced a day that had left him greatly contented and at peace .
Walking along the lake before breakfast , Mr. Podger had seen the feather , and the bird that had lost it in flight .
All day long Mr. Podger , who was a straw-hat man in the summer , had worn the feather in the band of his broad-brimmed sunshield .
It was doing very well , too , having reached the center , and was pursuing its way with commendable singleness of purpose when Mr. Podger saw hazard approaching in the shape of a flashy little sports car .
Taking off his hat and signaling the driver with it , Mr. Podger stepped into the road , lifted the surprised turtle and consummated its road-crossing with what must have been a breath-taking suddenness .
Where was the driver now ? ?
What was he doing ? ?
at will , the voice of the auctioneer , the voices of the bidders , and finally the small boy who had been so interested in Mr. Podger's hammock purchase .
You know what ? ?
I do it , lots o' times -- I like to lie in a hammock at night , by myself , when it's all quiet .
Mr. Podger was just adding this to his pictures of the day when the screen door opened and Pam burst out .
Why are you out here all by yourself ? ?
In Houston , there were a few incidents of friction between whites and Negroes , none of which were serious .
It is a `` stair-step '' plan , in which desegregation begins in the first grade .
The schedules are flexible so that the program can be accelerated as the public becomes more tolerant or realizes that it is something that has to be done , `` so why not now '' .
It met a serious rebuff in New Orleans , where the two schools selected for the first moves toward integration were boycotted by white parents .
Generally , throughout the South , there is a growing impatience with the pattern of violence with which every step of desegregation is met .
This is a radical change in attitude from the conditions which prevailed several years ago , when a series of bombings was directed against Negroes who were moving into previously all-white neighborhoods of Dallas .
It is also symptomatic of a change in attitude which appears to be spreading all across the South .
They insist they are ashamed of such violence and intimidation as occurred in Alabama when the Freedom Riders sought to break down racial discrimination in local bus depots .
All across the South there are signs that racial violence is finding less approval among whites who themselves would never take active part but might once have shown a tolerant attitude toward it .
Traffic in the next lane appears to be moving more smoothly so he pokes a tentative fender into Lane B , which is heavily populated by cars also moving at 70 m.p.h. .
This negative explanation of courtesy on the freeways , however , does an injustice to Southern California drivers .
During one recent day of driving about Los Angeles there were actually a dozen occasions when oncoming drivers stopped an entire lane of traffic to permit me to pull out of an impossible side street .
`` Now , if I can just figure out what he's talking about , I'll use it '' .
It should be easier to plug two spots than it was to fill the wholesale lots that were open last year , but so far it hasn't worked that way .
This angle of just where the Orioles can look for improvement this year is an interesting one .
Where can that improvement possibly come from ? ?
Hansen will be getting a late spring training start , which might very well set him back .
There are some clubs which claim they learned something about pitching to him last year .
Where , then , can we look for improvement ? ?
Hank Foiles , backed up by Frank House who will be within calling distance in the minors , make up better second line catching than the Birds had all last year , but Gus is still that big man you need when you start talking pennant .
When he came to Baltimore , he was leaving a team which was supposed to win the National League pennant , and he was joining what seemed to be a second division American League club .
( The `` autistic '' child is one who seems to lack a well-defined sense of self .
As the mother of an autistic child who is lacking in interest and enthusiasm about almost anything , I have to manipulate my son's fingers for him when he first plays with a new toy .
`` You don't believe that autistic children become autistic because of something that happens to them or because of the way their mother treats them .
`` One thing I notice which I have seldom heard mentioned .
When I hold my son he stiffens his whole body in my arms until he is as straight and stiff as a board .
Or certain words or rituals that child and adult go through may do the trick .
Fortunately , there is a nursery school which he has been able to attend , with a group of normal children .
What I do is to try to bring him into contact with reality as much as possible .
`` What is your experience with autistic children ? ?
How do they turn out later '' ? ?
When different colors are used , she is just as likely to color trees purple , hair green , etc. .
Should I show my daughter how things should be colored ? ?
But most learn to color and paint as and when they are ready with only a very little demonstration .
Possibly responsible for this is the incoming trend toward multicolor schemes in rooms , which seems slated to replace the one-color look to which we have been accustomed .
Traditional crewel embroidery which seems to be appearing more frequently this fall than in the past few years is still available in this country .
Among some recent imports were seat covers for one series of dining room chairs on which were depicted salad plates overflowing with tomatoes and greens and another set on which a pineapple was worked in naturalistic color .
For a particularly fabulous room which houses a collection of fine English Chippendale furniture , fabric wall panels were embroidered with a typically Chinese-inspired design of this revered Eighteenth Century period .
These have never gone out of style in Scandinavian homes and now seem to be reappearing here and there in shops which specialize in handicrafts .
California Democrats this weekend will take the wraps off a 1962 model statewide campaign vehicle which they have been quietly assembling in a thousand district headquarters , party clubrooms and workers' backyards .
-- Plans for a dramatic , broad-scale party rally in Los Angeles next December that would enlist top-drawer Democrats from all over the country .
At the head of the CDC is an unorthodox , 39-year-old amateur politico , Thomas B. Carvey Jr. , whose normal profession is helping develop Hughes Aircraft's moon missiles .
Carvey believes that reapportionment , which left many Democratic clubs split by these new district boundaries , actually will increase CDC membership .
Where only one club existed before , he says , two will flourish henceforth .
Paradoxically the council is weakest in areas that register 4- and 5-to-1 in the party's favor , strongest where Democrats and Republicans compete on a fairly even basis .
This bodes heated contests in several districts where claims have already been staked out by Democratic hopefuls who don't see eye-to-eye with the Aj .
Shunted aside by the rampant organizers for John F. Kennedy last year , who relegated it to a somewhat subordinate role in the Presidential campaign , the CDC plainly intends to provide the party's campaign muscle in 1962 .
In his CDC work , Carvey has the close-in support and advice of one of California's shrewdest political strategists : former Democratic National Committeeman Paul Ziffren , who backed him over a Northland candidate espoused by Atty. Gen. Stanley Mosk .
( Significantly , bitter echoes of the 1960 power struggle that saw Mosk moving into the national committee post over Ziffren are still audible in party circles .
note : We've just received an announcement of the 54th Assembly district post-reapportionment organizing convention Wednesday night in South Pasadena's War Memorial Bldg. , which graphically illustrates the CDC's broad appeal .
Once you learn how to translate Communese , much of each day's deluge of news will become clearer .
For some compulsive reason which would have fascinated Dr. Freud , Communists of all shapes and sizes almost invariably impute to others the very motives which they harbor themselves .
They accuse their enemies of precisely the crimes of which they themselves are most guilty .
When the stock exchange opened this morning , many dealers were quick to purchase shares in Douglas , Lockheed and United Aircraft and prices rose substantially .
In fact , the world heard nothing but sabre-rattling , the same exercises which proved futile for the predecessors of the current President .
As was to be expected Kennedy's latest speech was greeted with enthusiasm by revenge-seeking circles in Bonn , where officials of the West German government praised it '' .
Whenever some Washington circles were really ready for talks to eliminate friction they have always succumbed to pressure from the war clique in the Pentagon and in Bonn .
The reason was to speed up domestic production in the USSR , which Khrushchev promised upon grabbing power , and try to end the permanent recession in Russian living standards .
Aug. 4 , 1821 , nearly a century after Benjamin Franklin founded the Pennsylvania Gazette -- a century during which it had undergone several changes in ownership and a few brief suspensions in publication -- this paper made its first appearance as the Saturday Evening Post .
The country was now full of Gazettes and Samuel C. Atkinson and Charles Alexander , who had just taken over Franklin's old paper , desired a more distinctive name .
When founded by Franklin the Gazette was a weekly family newspaper and under its new name its format remained that of a newspaper but its columns gradually contained more and more fiction , poetry , and literary essays .
But during the second half of the century its fortunes reached a low point and when in 1897 Cyrus H. K. Curtis purchased it -- `` paper , type , and all '' -- for $1,000 it was a 16-page weekly filled with unsigned fiction and initialed miscellany , and with only some 2,000 subscribers .
`` Remember the French railroad baron who was going to take me floating down the Nile '' ? ?
`` Sure , we met a barrel of rich men but it's hard to find the real thing when you're young , beautiful and the toast of two continents '' `` Remember Fanny Brice promised my mother she would look after me on the road '' ? ?
All this remembering took place the other night when I had supper with the Ziegfeld Girls at the Beverly Hills Club .
No warden or guard to touch lock , key or doorknob except when accompanied by a prisoners' committee with powers of veto .
State and federal approval of right to walk out at any time when so voted by 51 per cent of the prisoners .
Harold , with brothers Frank , Joe and William , took over at the death of their father , Harry M. Stevens , who put a few dollars into a baseball program , introduced the `` hot dog '' and paved the way for creation of a catering empire .
IBM has a machine that can understand spoken words and talk back .
Apologies are in order from anybody who said , `` Are you sure you're not making a mistake '' ? ?
After all , where else can the public see a wagon these days ? ?
Lucius Beebe's book , `` Mr. Pullman's Elegant Palace Car '' , fills us with nostalgia , recalling days when private cars and Pullmans were extra wonderful , with fine woodwork , craftsmanship in construction , deep carpets and durable upholstery .
Beebe tells of one private car that has gold plumbing .
Not only is Mr. Frelinghuysen a member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee , but he is the grandson of the man who was instrumental in opening relations between the United States and Korea , Frederick T. Frelinghuysen , Secretary of State in the administration of Chester A. Arthur .
Next year is the 80th anniversary of the signing of the treaty between Korea and the United States and experts in Seoul are trying to find the correspondence between Frederick Frelinghuysen , who was Secretary of State in 1883 and 1884 , and Gen. Lucius Foote , who was the first minister to Korea .
They enlisted the help of the New Jersey congressman , who has been able to trace the letters to the national archives , where they are available on microfilm .
A top official of the New Frontier who kept a record of his first weeks on the job here gives this report of his experiences :
In addition , he said , he has answered more than 400 messages of congratulations which led him to the comment that he himself had decided he wouldn't send another congratulatory message for the rest of his life .
`` We have just returned from Roswell , N.M. , where we were defeated , 34 to 9 '' , the young man noted .
Mr. Dwyer said that although it was obvious that Mr. Rayburn was not well he stopped , gave the youngster his autograph , asked where he was from and expressed the hope that he would enjoy his visit to Congress .
However , Biblical scholars frequently attested to its numerous inaccuracies , as old manuscripts were uncovered and scholarship advanced .
The New English Bible ( the Old Testament and Apocrypha will be published at a future date ) has not been planned to rival or replace the King James Version , but , as its cover states , it is offered `` simply as the Bible to all those who will use it in reading , teaching , or worship '' .
However , an initial perusal and comparison of some of the famous passages with the same parts of other versions seems to speak well of the efforts of the British Biblical scholars .
`` And Jesus , when he was baptized went up straightway out of the water : and lo , the heavens were opened unto him , and he saw the Spirit of God descending like a dove , and lighting upon him '' .
Certainly , the meaning is clearer to one who is not familiar with Biblical teachings , in the New English Bible which reads : `` Then Jesus arrived at Jordan from Galilee , and he came to John to be baptized by him .
we do well to conform this way with all that God requires .
The new version states : `` How blest are those who know that they are poor ; ;
To a novice that is significant .
In the second and third chapters of Revelation the new version retains , however , the old phrase `` angel of the church '' which Biblical scholars have previously interpreted as meaning bishop .
For the most part , however , the new version is contemporary and , as such , should be the means for many to attain a clearer comprehension of the meaning of those words recorded so many hundreds of years ago by the first followers of Christ .
To have the results recorded in everyday usable English should be of benefit to all who seek the truth .
There is one danger , however .
With contemporary English changing with the rapidity that marks this jet age , some of the words and phrases of the new version may themselves soon become archaic .
That is why it is important to invest in comfortable , airy types of shoes .
While white is the coolest summer shade , there are lots of pastel hues along with tintable fabrics that will blend with any wardrobe color .
In addition , the motor has the seal of approval of the Underwriters Laboratories , which means it is safe .
The speed is controlled by pressing on the two brake buttons located where the index finger and thumb are placed when holding the motor .
It is conceivable that Broxodent could do a better job than ordinary brushing , especially in those who do not brush their teeth properly .
The results were good although they are difficult to compare with hand brushing , particularly when the individual knows how to brush his teeth properly .
The electric gadget is most helpful when there are many crowned teeth and in individuals who are elderly , bedfast with a chronic disease , or are handicapped by disorders such as cerebral palsy or muscular dystrophy .
writes : Does numbness in the left hand at night , which awakens the person , indicate brain tumor ? ?
writes : What makes my hands numb when sewing ? ?
writes : Does the cholesterol go down when most of the thyroid gland is removed ? ?
It is low when the thyroid is overactive and high when the gland is sluggish .
The latter is likely to occur when the thyroid is removed .
Edison could hardly have guessed , however , that Sophocles would one day appear in stereo .
Dover `` publishes '' what the company calls `` Listen And Learn '' Productions designed to teach foreign languages .
For those who `` like poetry but never get around to reading it '' , the Library of Congress makes it possible for poets to be heard reading their own work .
RCA Victor has an ambitious and useful project in a stereo series called `` Adventures In Music '' , which is an instructional record library for elementary schools .
One of the roughest was the TV quiz shows , which gave him inferiority complexes .
Though it was a great relief when the big brains on these shows turned out to be frauds and phonies , it did irreparable damage to the ego of the editor and many another intelligent , well-informed American .
But the one that upset the financially wise was the professional dancer who related in a book how he parlayed his earnings into a $2,000,000 profit on the stock market .
Every man who dabbles in the market to make a little easy money on the side and suffers losses could at the time hardly face his wife who was wondering how her husband could be so dumb .
Investors breathed more freely when it was learned that this acrobatic dancer had turned magician and was only doing a best seller book to make some dough .
People who take us for suckers are like the Westerner who had on exhibit his superior marksmanship in the form of a number of bull's-eye achievements .
The promoter who wanted to sign him up for the circus asked him how he was able to do it .
His desires are so strong that he needs constant reassurance of his mother's love for him and what she expects of him , in order to overcome them .
His own inner voice , which should tell him what not to do , has not developed .
It won't develop until he has words with which to clothe it .
What can a mother do then to prevent misbehavior ? ?
She should offer substitutes for the temptations which seem overwhelmingly desirable to the child .
Substitute approved objects for forbidden ones and keep telling him how he is to act .
He won't submit to his natural desires all the time , and it's Mother's love that is responsible for his good behavior .
This is the period during the melancholy days of autumn when universities and colleges schedule what they call `` Homecoming Day '' .
The football opponent on homecoming is , of course , selected with the view that said opponent will have little more chance than did a Christian when thrown to one of the emperor's lions .
It is true , of course , the uncertainties of life being what they are , that as now and then the Christian killed the lion , homecoming days have been ruined by a visiting team .
More often than not , as the Old Grad wanders along the old paths , his memory of happy days when he strolled one of the paths with a coed beside him becomes an ache and a pain .
He can smell again the perfume she wore and recall the lilting sound of laughter , and can smell again the aroma of autumn -- fallen leaves , the wine of cool air , and the nostalgia of woodsmoke which blows through all the winds of fall .
He recalls with a wry smile the wit who said , on returning from a homecoming reunion , that he would never go again because all his class had changed so much they didn't even recognize him .
After all , when one has asked whatever became of old Joe and Charlie when one has inquired who it was Sue Brown married and where it is they now live when questions are asked and answered about families and children , and old professors when the game and its probable outcome has been exhausted that does it .
the gray hairs , the eyeglasses , bodies that are too thin or too heavy ; ;
the athlete of by-gone years who wears a size 46 suit and puffs when he has finished a sentence of any length then , it is time to break it up and move on .
In the stands he is lonely and lost , no matter how many are about him .
There are eight states in which the largest urban vote can be the balance of power in any close election .
His visit to Warsaw , Poland , after the Russian journey in the summer of 1959 was expected to win the Polish vote which , in several cities , is substantial .
A GOP `` task force ' committee will seek to find out how its party may win support from the ethnic and minority groups in cities .
They did not view the tour of the distressed cities and towns by Secretary of Labor Goldberg as politics , which the GOP declared it to be .
That this is not good politics is underscored by the latest poll figures which show that 72 per cent of the people like the way in which the new President is conducting the nation's business .
The most articulate Republicans are those who , in their desire to get back at Mr. Kennedy , already have created the image of a Republican leadership which is reluctant to assist the distressed and the unemployed , and which is even more unwilling to help old people who need medical care .
It will early know why the party won't win back city votes .
And just how far can the Legislature go toward setting up a self-insurance system for the state in the midst of a governor's race '' ? ?
How unpartisan will be the recommendations of Lt. Gov. Garland Byrd's Senate Committee on Government Operations ? ?
But when former Gov. Marvin Griffin and Lt. Gov. Byrd accepted the invitations of the Georgia State Chamber of Commerce to join the tour next November , the situation was aggravated .
And it may be that one or both men actually welcomed the opportunity , when the bravado comments are cast aside .
We can't think of anyone else who would want to separate serious candidates from other candidates , either .
If either one ever started making promises , there is no telling where the promises would end .
Why not have them travel the state in November debating ? ?
The guy who makes the motor boats may be a Communist '' .
The Providence Journal editorial ( Jan. 25 ) entitled `` East Greenwich Faces A Housing Development Problem '' points to a dilemma that faces communities such as ours .
First of all there is ample area in East Greenwich already zoned in the classification similar to that which petitioner requested .
What we are attempting to do is achieve and maintain a balance between medium density and low density residential areas and industrial and commercial development .
With our current $3 per hundred tax rate , it is safe to assume that this will qualify when you suggest a community should `` try to develop a modest industrial plant '' as the best way to meet these problems .
In order to attract additional industry that is compatible with this community it is all the more important to present to the industrial prospect an orderly balance in the tax structure .
Mr. Richard Preston , executive director of the New Hampshire State Planning and Development Commission , in his remarks to the Governors Conference on Industrial Development at Providence on October 8 , 1960 , warned against the fallacy of attempting to attract industry solely to reduce the tax rate or to underwrite municipal services such as schools when he said : `` If this is the fundamental reason for a community's interest or if this is the basic approach , success if any will be difficult to obtain '' .
It is not in business for the purpose of absorbing increased municipal costs no matter how high a purpose that may be '' .
If they are to be commended for foresight in their planning , what then is the judgment of a town council that compounds this problem during the planning stage ? ?
Where then is the sound planning and cooperation between agencies within the community that you have called for in other editorials ? ?
The `` fruitful course '' of metropolitanization that you recommend is currently practiced by the town of East Greenwich and had its inception long before we learned what it was called .
I believe it is an area in which professional planners have failed to set adequate guide posts ; ;
These programs are volumes of waste paper and lost hours if the citizens of a community must stand aside while land developers tell them when , where , and in what manner the community shall grow .
and to Mrs. Rozella Switzer , regional director of The National Conference of Christians and Jews , who asked them to serve as a committee for the fund .
If Russian pupils have to take these languages , how come American students have a choice whether or not to take a language , but have to face so many exceptions ? ?
but I am also a young , able and willing girl who wants to study the Chinese language but is not old enough .
Then people wonder why Russian pupils are more advanced than American students .
However , the East Providence Rescue Squad made its way through to my home in time of desperation .
The concern they felt for me was such as I shall never forget and for which I will always be grateful .
Had they not gotten me to the hospital when they did , perhaps I would not be here to commend them at this time .
The Providence Sunday Journal article ( Jan. 29 ) asking whether American taxpayers are being victimized by a gigantic giveaway to pay for the care of war veterans who have non-service-connected disabilities sounds as though The Providence Journal is desperate for news .
On the question of admission to Veterans Administration hospitals of service-connected and non-service-connected disabled veterans , it must be recognized that there are many men who are greatly affected by war service .
There is one other point we should never lose sight of : Many veterans who enter VA hospitals as non-service cases later qualify as service-connected .
The arguments advanced by those individuals and groups who oppose the system in force and who would drastically curtail or do away entirely with hospital care for the non-service-connected case , seem to be coldly impractical and out-of-step with the wishes of the general public .
As a result , it takes a little longer than it would on the outside where the family physician knows about the patient .
Secondly , the VA physician knows that when the patient leaves the hospital , he is no longer going to have a chance to visit his patient .
They opposed the Forand bill , which would have placed the major burden of financial support upon the individual himself through compulsory payroll deduction ; ;
yet they supported the Eisenhower administration which will cost a small state like ours approximately five million dollars ( matched incidentally by a federal grant ) to initiate .
-- No doubt there have been moments during every Presidency when the man in the White House has had feelings of frustration , exasperation , exhaustion , and even panic .
What does he think a remark like this `` lousy '' one does to our prestige and morale ? ?
Why should Congress even consider allowing such a sum for that which can give no protection ? ?
Top scientists have warned that an area hit by an atomic missile of massive power would be engulfed in a suffocating fire storm which would persist for a long time .
This sum spent for foreign economic aid , the peace corps , food for peace , or any other program to solve the problems of the underdeveloped countries would be an investment that would pay off in world peace , increased world trade , and prosperity for every country on the globe .
Let us prepare for peace , instead of for a war which would mean the end of civilization .
-- It seems college isn't what it should be .
Is this what our children are to come face to face with when they are ready for college in a few years ? ?
Education should be uppermost in their minds , but with this attire how can anyone think it is so ? ?
Douglas has consistently voted to aid the people who killed Masaryk , and against principles Masaryk died to uphold .
But why is it the special responsibility of the CTA to help these people ? ?
Why should CTA regular riders subsidize reduced transportation for old people any more than the people who drive their own cars or walk to work should ? ?
The welfare of citizens , old and young , is the responsibility of the community , not only of that part of it that rides the Aj .
There is a trend to packaging meat at a central source , freezing it , and shipping it to outlying stores , where meat cutters will not be required .
Most women , in this age of freezers , shop for the entire week on week-ends , when prices are lower .
Also , many working wives have children or husbands who take over the shopping chores for them .
The meat cutters' union , which has a history of being one of the fairest and least corrupt in our area , represents the little corner markets as well as the large supermarkets .
What it is trying to do is to protect the little man , too , as well as trying to maintain a flow of fresh meat to all stores , with choice of cut being made by the consumer , not the store .
-- I , too , congratulate the American Legion , of which I am proud to have been a member for more than 40 years , on the recent state convention .
My discussion with reference to the resolution was that we should commend those citizens who serve as judges of election and who properly discharge their duty and polling place proprietors who make available their private premises , and not by innuendo criticize them .
The Illinois Commission for Handicapped Children , which for 20 years has had the responsibility of coordinating the services of tax supported and voluntary organizations serving handicapped children , of studying the needs of handicapped children in Illinois , and of promoting more adequate services for them , indeed welcomes this new important resource which will help the people of Illinois toward the goal of providing an education for all of its children .
-- Is this , perhaps , one of the things that is wrong with our country ? ?
My son , who has completed two years in engineering school , has a summer job on a construction project as an unskilled laborer .
Ironic , is it not , that after completing years of costly scientific training he will receive a cut in pay from what he is receiving as an ordinary unskilled laborer ? ?
In this letter , Mr. Kennedy made it clear that he limited his comment only to one consideration -- what effect the legislative proposals might have on future anti-trust judgments .
What Mr. Kennedy , in fact , wrote was : `` It is the Department's view that no anti-trust enforcement considerations justify any loss of revenue of this proportion '' .
But when you write to Congresswoman Church , bless her heart , your letter is answered fully and completely .
Should she disagree , she explains why in detail .
When she agrees , you can rest assured her position will remain unchanged .
In covert socialism -- toward which America is moving -- private enterprise retains the ownership title to industries but government thru direct intervention and excessive regulations actually controls them .
In order to attract new industries , 15 states or more are issuing tax free bonds to build government owned plants which are leased to private enterprise .
The day before Election Day , to which we are entitled as a legal holiday , we were informed to report to our respective polls to work as `` workers of the party '' .
Sir -- I read of a man who felt he should not build a fallout shelter in his home because it would be selfish for him to sit secure while his neighbors had no shelters .
Does this man live in a neighborhood where all are free loaders unwilling to help themselves , but ready to demand that `` the community '' help and protect them ? ?
I hope the man who plans to sit on his hands until the emergency comes will have a change of heart , will get busy and be the first member of our `` plus-one '' shelter club .
Sir -- When the colonies decided upon freedom from England , we insisted , through the Declaration of Independence , that the nations of the world recognize us as a separate political entity .
The United States and the U.N. denounce their own principles when they defend the Communist oppressors and refuse to acknowledge the right of self-determination of the Katangans .
Sir -- Permit me to commend your editorial in which you stress the fact that a program of county colleges will substantially increase local tax burdens and that taxpayers have a right to a clear idea of what such a program would commit them to .
The bill which passed the Assembly last May and is now pending in the Senate should be given careful scrutiny .
It will determine the amount of money to be spent by the college and will certify this amount to the board of freeholders , which `` shall appropriate in the same manner as other appropriations are made by it the amount so certified and the amount shall be assessed , levied and collected in the same manner as moneys appropriated for other purposes '' .
Then see what a boom in all trades , as well as slum clearance at no cost to taxpayers , will happen .
It is a revelation of what has been done , what is being done and what will be done in Newark as shown by architects' plans , models and pictures .
It shows what a beautiful city Newark will become and certainly make every Newarker proud of this city .
This is a black swamp clay in which about one hundred million years ago cypress-like trees were growing .
In the clay are entombed millions of pollen grains and spores which came from plants growing in the region at the time .
These microfossils indicate the swamp was `` formed during the Lower Cretaceous period when dinosaurs were at their heyday and when the first flowering plants were just appearing .
The 15th Street deposit is not to be confused with the nearby famous Mayflower Hotel cypress swamp on 17th Street reported in The Washington Post , August 2 , 1955 , which was probably formed during the second interglacial period and is therefore much younger .
I would ask , `` Why not do both '' ? ?
Are we not late , especially those of us who call ourselves Friends , in doing enough about this lack of understanding ? ?
If the world comes to this , wouldn't it be the very time when courage and American know-how would be needed to help survivors rebuild ? ?
Far from creating fear , as the speaker suggests , preparedness -- knowing what to do in an emergency -- gives people confidence .
In addition , would not the young female public of Washington be afforded a greater degree of protection at night when they are on the streets if they were accompanied by a dog on a leash ? ?
I grant that the dog may not be really protective , based on his training , but if you were roaming the streets looking for a purse to snatch or a young lady to molest , how quick would you be to attack a person strolling with a dog ? ?
Why not put a cafe in each so the tourists would not have to travel too far to eat ? ?
Let us , like the French , have outdoor cafes where we may relax , converse at leisure and enjoy the passing crowd .
For the first time in history the entire world is dominated by two large , powerful nations armed with murderous nuclear weapons that make conventional warfare of the past a nullity .
Recent statements by well-known scientists regarding the destructive power of the newest nuclear bombs and the deadly fall-outs should be sufficient to still the voices of those who advocate nuclear warfare instead of negotiations .
President Kennedy was right when he said , `` We shall never negotiate out of fear and we never shall fear to negotiate '' .
Actually , the Communists , out of fear of a united and armed Germany , would probably be willing to agree to a disarmed Germany that would be united and neutral and have its independence guaranteed by the U.N. .
President Kennedy has urged a peace race on disarmament that might be called `` Operation Survival '' which has many facets .
Why not make a beginning with a united and disarmed Germany whose neutrality and immunity from nuclear bombing would be guaranteed by the Big Four powers and the United States ? ?
They are violating their Charter obligation , the prescribed penalty for which is suspension of membership or expulsion '' .
A Member of the United Nations which is in arrears in the payment of its financial contributions to the Organization shall have no vote in the General Assembly if the amount of its arrears equals or exceeds the amount of the contributions due from it for the preceding two full years '' .
But they refuse , as do the Arab states , to support the United Nations' expenses of maintaining the United Nations Emergency Force in the Middle East as a buffer between Egypt and Israel , and the U.N. troops in the Congo , which expenses are not covered by the regular budget of the United Nations , but by a special budget .
According to the official interpretation of the Charter , a member cannot be penalized by not having the right to vote in the General Assembly for nonpayment of financial obligations to the `` special '' United Nations' budgets , and of course cannot be expelled from the Organization ( which you suggested in your editorial ) , due to the fact that there is no provision in the Charter for expulsion .
The Connally amendment says that the United States , rather than the court , shall determine whether a matter is essentially within the domestic jurisdiction of the United States in a case before the World Court to which the United States is a party .
To achieve this destiny , acts as well as words are needed -- not only acts that lead to physical strength but also acts that lead to strength based on right doing and respect .
What better affirmative step could be taken to this end than repeal of the Connally amendment -- an act which could expose the United States to no practical risk yet would put an end to our self-judging attitude toward the court , enable us to utilize it , and advance in a tangible way the cause of international law and order ? ?
To the tens of thousands who must transfer to ride to Seventy-fourth Street and change for the IND , this takes a daily toll of time and temper .
It has not been any great mental effort on my part to keep up with this mechanization which has brought about new ways of dialing .
However , there are still several types of calls that necessitate the use of telephone operators .
I have been absolutely shocked at the ineptness of the young ladies who are servicing person-to-person calls , special long-distance calls , etc. .
Either it is lack of training , lack of proper screening when hiring , lack of management or possibly lack of interest on the part of the telephone company , which does have a Government-blessed monopoly .
I disagree with the writer who says funeral services should be government-controlled .
The funeral for my husband was just what I wanted and I paid a fair price , far less than I had expected to pay .
Kiwanis , American Legion and other groups donate small sums and the mothers do what they can to bring in dollars for its support .
Southfield schools furnish an old 45-passenger bus ( the heater in which needs repair since some of the children ride a long distance and need the heat ) .
Visitors are welcome to come see what these dedicated mothers can do .
I was surprised at Mayor Miriani's defeat , but perhaps Mayor-elect Cavanagh can accomplish some things that should have been done years ago .
How old do you have to be to remember when Americans , especially children , were encouraged to be polite ? ?
Why has this form of gentility gone out of American life ? ?
How can we old-fashioned parents , who still feel that adults are due some respect from children , battle the new type of advertising that appears on TV without denying the children the use of television entirely ? ?
From necessity , they are also inspired by the `` hard-sell '' attitude of the sponsor , so , finally , it is the sponsor who must take the responsibility for the good or bad taste of his advertising .
Mr. George Hough ( Oct. 30 ) sounds like a business man who waits until the last minute to leave his home or shop .
The letter writer who suggested saving money by taking kids out of school at 14 should have signed his letter `` simpleton '' instead of `` simplicitude '' .
Such kids only wind up among the unemployed on relief or in jail where they become a much bigger burden .
What we need is more vocational training in high schools , not more dropouts .
I suppose I am missing some elementary point but I honestly cannot see how two wrongs can make a right ! !
As I see it , if war starts and we survive the initial attack enough to be able to fight back , the nuclear weapons we now have -- at least the bombs -- can inflict all the demage that is necessary .
Why do we need bigger and better bombs ? ?
To our everlasting shame , we led the world in this nuclear arms race sixteen years ago when we dropped the first bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki .
How many times must we get burned before we learn ? ?
That is why the United Nations was formed so that intelligent men with good intentions from all countries could meet and solve problems without resorting to war .
Why aren't the Soviets expelled from the U.N. ? ?
According to one report , however , Mr. Hammarskjold was considered `` too controversial '' a figure to warrant bestowal of the coveted honor last spring .
At Khrushchev's door , therefore , can be placed the primary blame but also at fault are those who permitted themselves to be intimidated .
however , several pertinent considerations deserve recognition .
There's no sense in being reminded of times that were .
but it can't remind one of the freedom that Washington and the Continental soldiers fought for .
Does each tentacle of the octopus of City Government reach out and lash at whatever it dislikes or considers an annoyance ? ?
If birds don't belong in a Square or Park , what does ? ?
Of course , in this small way of forcing the people to watch as tiny and innocent and dependent creatures die because we're afraid to feed them and afraid to protest and say , `` How come ? ?
Who wants this deed done '' ? ?
One means to help the birds occurs to me : Let the chimes that ring over Washington Square twice daily , discontinue any piece of music but one .
Let them offer on behalf of those creatures whose melody has been the joy of mankind since time began , the hymn `` Abide With Me '' .
We will know , and He will know , to whom it is rendered , what the birds would ask :
Unfortunately , those who would remedy our `` softness '' seek to do so with calisthenics .
It is not our bodies but our hearts and heads that have grown too soft .
When we become firm enough to stand for those ideals which we know to be right , when we become hard enough to refuse to aid nations which do not permit self-determination , when we become strong enough to resist any more drifts towards socialism in our own Nation , when we recognize that our enemy is Communism not war , and when we realize that concessions to Communists do not insure peace or freedom , then , and only then will we no longer be `` soft '' .
However , he states unequivocally `` the scandals in business are far less significant than the scandals in labor '' .
They predicted escalation , and escalation is what we are getting .
Some time ago , however , Mr. Khrushchev decided that when bigger bombs were made , the Soviet Union would make them .
So be it -- then we must embark on a crash program for 200-megaton bombs of the common or hydrogen variety , and neutron bombs , which do not exist but are said to be the coming thing .
What is needed , Philip Morrison writes in The Cornell Daily Sun ( October 26 ) is a discontinuity .
When one powerful nation strives to emulate the success of another , it is only natural .
Thus , when the Russians sent up their first sputnik , American chagrin was human enough , and American determination to put American satellites into orbit was perfectly understandable .
But to imitate an opponent when he has made the mistake of his life would be a new high in statesmanlike folly .
When East Germans fled to the West by the thousands , paeans of joy rose from the throats of Western publicists .
They are less vocal now , when it is the West Berliners who are migrating .
The weekly loss is partly counterbalanced by 500 arrivals each week from West Germany , but the hard truth , says Crossman , is that `` The closing off of East Berlin without interference from the West and with the use only of East German , as distinct from Russian , troops was a major Communist victory , which dealt West Berlin a deadly , possibly a fatal , blow .
The only hope for West Berlin lies in a compromise which will bring down the wall and reunite the city .
Or the city can be a graveyard monument to Western intransigence , if that is what the West wants .
A British writer , Richard Haestier , in a book , Dead Men Tell Tales , recalls that in the turmoil preceding the French Revolution the body of Henry 4 , , who had died nearly 180 years earlier , was torn to pieces by a mob .
Nikita Khrushchev , however , has created yet another problem for himself .
Who will take Stalin's place beside Lenin ? ?
Who , then , is of sufficient stature to lodge with Lenin ? ?
Who but Nikita himself ? ?
Since he has just shown who is top dog , he may not be ready to receive this highest honor in the gift of the Soviet people .
Besides , he can hardly avoid musing on the instability of death which , what with exhumations and rehabilitations , seems to match that of life .
When a man is laid to rest , he is entitled to stay put .
What is interesting is that his positive qualifications for the post were revealed only as a kind of tail to his candidacy .
He has , moreover , another qualification which augurs well for the future .
He is a Buddhist , which means that to him peace and the sanctity of human life are not only religious dogma , but a profound and unshakable Weltanschauung .
U Thant of course , will hold office until the spring of 1963 , when Mr. Hammarskjold's term would have come to an end .
Whether the compromises -- on both sides -- that made possible the interim appointment can then be repeated remains to be seen .
the West may or not remain satisfied with the kind of neutralism that U Thant represents .
structurally , the U.N. is still fluid , vulnerable to the pressures that its new and enlarged membership are bringing to bear upon it .
But at least the pessimists who believed that the world organization had plunged to its death in that plane crash in the Congo have been proved wrong .
No one who has studied the radical Right can suppose that words are their sole staple in trade .
These are mentalities which crave action -- and they are beginning to get it , as Messrs. Salsich and Engh report on page 372 .
Even in areas where political connotations are ( deliberately ? ?
According to Friends , the unit was organized by John Snook , a former World War 2 , commando who is vice president and general manager of the telephone company .
Here , then , is what Swift would have called a modest proposal by way of a beginning .
A special grandstand , protected by awnings from the midsummer sun of Illinois , should be erected for occupancy by honored guests , who should include the ambassadors of all those new African nations as yet not quite convinced that the United States is thoroughly civilized .
Independence Day is the appropriate date as a symbolical reminder of the American article of faith that governments are instituted among men to secure to them certain inalienable rights , the first of which is life , and when any government becomes subversive of that end , it is the right of the people to alter or abolish it .
The highway system is an agency of government , and when it grinds up 40,000 Americans every year the government is destroying its own taxpayers , which is obviously a silly thing for any government to do .
Hanging the responsible officials would not abolish the government , but would emphasize its accountability for the lives of its individual citizens , which would certainly alter it , and definitely for the better .
Nonetheless , although few in number they are a stubborn crew , as tenacious of life as the Hardshell Baptists , which suggests that there is some kind of vital principle embodied in their faith .
Perhaps there is more truth than we are wont to admit in the conviction of that ornament of Tarheelia , Robert Ruark's grandfather , who was persuaded that the great curse of the modern world is `` all this gallivantin' '' .
If we make it established custom that whenever butchery on the highways grows excessive , say beyond 25,000 per annum , then somebody is going to hang , it follows that the more eminent the victim , the more impressive the lesson .
for a dose of radiation is not like a flu virus which causes temporary discomfort and then dies .
So , while we properly inveigh against the new poisoning , history is not likely to justify the pose of righteousness which some in the West were so quick to assume when Mr. Khrushchev made his cynical and irresponsible threat .
All of which makes it more imperative than ever that the biological and genetic effects of fallout be understood .
Then it added : `` It is not possible to determine how extensive these ill effects will be -- nor how many people will be affected '' .
Most of these would be in the Northern Hemisphere , where the fallout is concentrating .
The lack of scientific unanimity on the effects of radiation is due in part to insufficient data covering large population groups , from which agreed-on generalizations could be drawn .
Its dangerous effects have been downgraded to the public by some who believe national security requires further testing .
Now , of course , that the Russians are the nuclear villains , radiation is a nastier word than it was in the mid , when the US was testing in the atmosphere .
Some government scientists say privately that the figure probably is closer to 80 megatons , and that the full 50-megaton bomb that Khrushchev mentioned may still be detonated .
To this must be added the 90 to 92 megatons of fission yield produced between the dawn of the atomic age in 1945 and the informal three-power test moratorium that began in November , 1958 .
The second great dilemma has been the morality of nuclear testing , a dilemma which has suddenly become acute because of the present series of Soviet tests .
When this second dilemma first became obvious -- during the mid to late '50's -- the United States appeared to have three choices .
With the resumption of Soviet testing and their intransigence at the Geneva talks , however , the hope that this third choice would prove viable has been shaken .
We take the position , however , that the third choice still remains the only sane one open to us .
one which , should it fail , will not have contaminated the conscience .
Leaving aside the choice of unilateral cessation of tests as neither sane nor clearly moral , the question must arise as to why resumption of atmospheric tests on our part would not be a good choice .
Taking account of the fact that such a move on our part would be unpopular in world opinion , he argued that the responsibility of the United States is `` to do , confidently and firmly , not what is popular , but what is right '' .
What was missing in the Governor's argument , as in so many similar arguments , was a premise which would enable one to make the ethical leap from what might be militarily desirable to what is right .
What we need to realize is that the increasingly great contamination of the atmosphere by the Soviet tests had radically increased our own moral obligations .
We now have to think not only of our national security but also of the future generations who will suffer from any tests we might undertake .
This is an ethical demand which cannot be evaded or glossed over by talking exclusively of weapon superiority or even of the evil of Communism .
There ought to be a point beyond which we will not allow ourselves to go regardless of what Russia does .
when his Holiness Pope John 23 , first called for an Ecumenical Council , and at the same time voiced his yearning for Christian unity , the enthusiasm among Catholic and Protestant ecumenicists was immediate .
As it has turned out , however , the excessive enthusiasm in the first instance and the loss of hope in the second were both wrong responses .
A major aim of the Council will be to remove as far as possible whatever in the Church today stands in the way of unity .
Augustin Cardinal Bea , the director of the Secretariate for Christian Unity , has expressed as directly as anyone the new spirit that pervades the Church's stance toward the Protestant and Orthodox Churches .
Noting all the difficulties that stand in the way of reunion , he has said that they ought not to discourage anyone .
the administration's official budget review , which estimates a 6.9 billion dollar deficit for the current fiscal year , isn't making anyone happy .
Certainly it isn't making the President happy , and he has been doing his apologetic best to explain how the budget got into its unbalanced condition , how he intends to economize wherever he can and how he hopes to do better next year .
We wish the President would remember that `` fiscal responsibility '' was the battle-cry of the party that lost the election .
The party that won used to say something about a New Frontier .
Two of the principal addresses were delivered by prominent Protestants , and when the speaker was a Catholic , one `` discussant '' on the dais tended to be of another religious persuasion .
In the earlier sessions there was plentiful discussion on the natural law , which Dr. William V. O'Brien of Georgetown University , advanced as the basis for widely acceptable ethical judgments on foreign policy .
A Lebanese Moslem told about its existence and application in the Islamic tradition as the `` divine law '' , while a C.A.I.P. member who has been working in close association with delegates of the new U.N. nations told of its widespread recognition on the African continent .
The impression was unmistakable that , whatever one may choose to call it , natural law is a functioning generality with a certain objective existence .
Another question that arose was the nature of the dialogue itself .
I never found it among any of the Chinese with whom I spoke , though granted they were , almost all , members of the official family who , presumably , harbor official thoughts .
But I questioned , also , professional soldiers , who would not easily be hypnotized by a septuagenarian's dreamy irredentism .
What evidence is there of an objective kind that in fact your government proposes to do just that , and that it can be done '' ? ?
He smiled also at a British bloke seated next to me , who asked the most asinine questions .
) He smiled , and said a word or two to the interpreter , who turned to me , `` The President wonders where you are going after you leave Taipei '' ? ?
`` The President says '' , the translator came in , `` that the reason he asked you where you were going is because he hoped you would be visiting other areas in Southeast Asia , and that everywhere you went , you would seek the answer to your question .
What are the relevant data ? ?
Even so , it adds up to impossible odds , except that the question arises , On whose side would the Mainland Chinese army fight ? ?
But the army which Mao continues to feed well , where are its sympathies ? ?
Every soldier in the army has , somewhere , relatives who are close to starvation .
In behalf of what ? ?
To whom will the generals stay loyal ? ?
The military in Taiwan believe that the Communists have made two mistakes , which , together , may prove fatal .
The first was the commune program , which will ensure agricultural poverty for years .
and where it is not , it is left with no residue , and the social meaning of this is enormous .
For it is the family that , in China , has always provided social security for the indigent , the sick , the down-and-out members of the clan .
Thus the government simultaneously undertook the vast burden of social security which had traditionally been privately discharged , and created a national scarcity which has engendered calamitous problems of social security .
Secondly , they depend on America's `` moral cooperation '' when the crucial moment arrives .
But he -- and all of China -- wears the scars of American indecisiveness , and he knows what an uncertain ally we are .
There the truth is , open to eyes that are willing to look .
Before memory , too , clouds over , let us make a note or two of what could be seen .
One knows better , now , who has bone and who has jelly in his spine .
The United States was engaged in a military attack on a peaceful , orderly people governed by a regime that had proved itself the most pro-Western and anti-Communist within any of the new nations -- the only place in Africa , moreover , where a productive relationship between whites and blacks had apparently been achieved .
It reappears , in whole or part , whenever a new crisis exposes the reality : in Cuba last spring ( with which the Dominican events of last month should be paired ) ; ;
It makes no difference what part of the world is involved , what form of regime , what particular issue .
No matter that it is his troops who rape Western women and eat Western men .
In the very week of our war against Katanga , we make a $133 million grant to Kwame Nkrumah , who has just declared his solidarity with the Communist bloc , and is busily turning his own country into a totalitarian dictatorship .
As our planes land the war materiel that kills pro-Western Katangans , we stand supinely bleating while Nehru's troops smash into a five-hundred-year-old district of our NATO ally , Portugal .
What explains this uni-directional paralysis ? ?
It is the consequence of the system of ideas that constitutes the frame of our international -- and in some degree our domestic -- policy .
From this belief is derived the practical orientation of our policy on the `` uncommitted '' ( `` neutralist '' , `` contested '' ) nations , especially on those whose leaders make the most noise -- Nehru , Tito , Nkrumah , Sukarno , Betancourt , etc. .
And it becomes clear why in general we cannot take the initiative against the Left .
Of straight dramas , there are All The Way Home , which owes much of its poetic power to the James Agee novel , A Death In The Family ; ;
Clearly the most provocative plays are all imported originals -- A Taste Of Honey , by Britain's young ( 19 when she wrote it ) Shelagh Delaney ; ;
Off-Broadway , where production is still comparatively cheap , is proving itself only slightly more original .
That exchange was not only possible but commonplace last week in Manhattan , as more and more New Yorkers were discovering 29th Street and Eighth Avenue , where half a dozen small nightclubs with names like Arabian Nights , Grecian Palace and Egyptian Gardens are the American inpost of belly dancing .
Small , shirt-sleeved orchestras play in 2/4 or 4/4 time , using guitars , violins , and more alien instruments with names that would open Sesame : the oud , grandfather of the lute ; ;
But a great many of what Variety calls the `` Cooch Terpers '' are considerably less cosmic than that .
When a dancer does well , she provokes a quiet bombardment of dollar bills -- although the Manhattan clubs prohibit the more cosmopolitan practice of slipping the tips into the dancers' costumes .
The girls are kept booked and moving by several agents , notably voluble , black-bearded Murat Somay , a Manhattan Turk who is the Sol Hurok of the central abdomen .
Sometimes they get their initial experience in church haflis , conducted by Lebanese and Syrians in the U.S. , where they dance with just as few veils across their bodies as in nightclubs .
Daughter of a gypsy mother who taught her to dance , she is one of the few really beautiful girls in the New York Casbah , with dark eyes and dark , waist-length hair , the face of an adolescent patrician and a lithe , glimmering body .
Many belly dancers are married , but Serene is one of the few who will admit it .
Marlene ( surname : Adamo ) , 25 , a Brazilian divorcee who learned the dance from Arabic friends in Paris , now lives on Manhattan's West Side , is about the best belly dancer working the Casbah , loves it so much that she dances on her day off .
She has the small , highly developed body of a prime athlete , and holds in contempt the `` girls who just move sex '' .
Leila ( Malia Phillips ) , 25 , is a Greenwich Village painter of Persianesque miniatures who has red hair that cascades almost to her ankles .
Gloria ( surname : Ziraldo ) , circa 30 , who was born in Italy and once did `` chorus work '' in Toronto , has been around longer than most of the others , wistfully remembers the old days when `` we used to get the seamen from the ships , you know , with big turtleneck sweaters and handkerchiefs and all .
The uptown crowd has moved in , and what girl worth her seventh veil would trade a turtleneck sweater for a button-down collar ? ?
Of the handful of painters that Austria has produced in the 20th century , only one , Oskar Kokoschka , is widely known in the U.S. .
For ten years a small group of European and U.S. critics has been calling attention to the half-forgotten Austrian expressionist Egon Schiele , who died 42 years ago at the age of 28 .
He was an emotional , lonely boy who spent so much time turning out drawings that he did scarcely any schoolwork .
When he was 15 , his parents finally allowed him to attend classes at the Academy of Fine Arts in Vienna .
He himself was once convicted of painting erotica and jailed for 24 days -- the first three of which he spent desperately trying to make paintings on the wall with his own spittle .
The unabashed sexuality of so many of his paintings was not the only thing that kept the public at bay : his view of the world was one of almost unrelieved tragedy , and it was too much even for morbid-minded Vienna .
The subject he liked most was the female body , which he painted in every state -- naked , half-dressed , muffled to the ears , sitting primly in a chair , lying tauntingly on a bed or locked in an embrace .
The most surprising thing about the Twenty-second Congress of the Soviet Communist Party is that it is surprising -- perhaps quite as much , in its own way , as the Twentieth Congress of 1956 , which ended with that famous `` secret '' report on Stalin .
The publication last July of the party's Draft Program -- that blueprint for the `` transition to communism '' -- had led the uninitiated to suppose that this Twenty-second Congress would be a sort of apotheosis of the Khrushchev regime , a solemn consecration of ideas which had , in fact , been current over the last three or four years ( i.e. , since the defeat of the `` anti-party group '' ) in all theoretical party journals .
No doubt , there was still a lot in the Draft Program -- and in Khrushchev's speech -- which left many points obscure .
Was it the party's intention , for example , to abolish gradually the kolkhoz system and replace it by uniformly wage-earning kolkhozes , i.e. , state farms ( which were , moreover , to be progressively `` urbanized '' ) ? ?
and it is still very far from certain how valid the party's claim is that in `` a growing number of kolkhozes '' the peasants are finding it more profitable , to surrender their private plots to the kolkhoz and to let the latter be turned into something increasingly like a state farm .
If one follows the reports of the Congress , one finds that there still seems considerable uncertainty in the minds of the leaders themselves about what exactly to do in this matter .
It contained , for example , a number of curious admissions about the peasants , who enjoy no sickness benefits , no old-age pensions , no paid holidays ; ;
they still benefit far less than the `` other '' 50 per cent of the nation from that `` welfare state '' which the Soviet Union so greatly prides itself on being .
and , though he repeated , over and over again , the spectacular figures of industrial and agricultural production in 1980 , the `` ordinary '' people in Russia are still a little uncertain as to how `` communism '' is really going to work in practice , especially in respect of food .
This was something on which K. himself seemed to have some doubts ; ;
The trouble with all these doctrinal quarrels is that we hear only one side of the story : what , in the secret councils of the Kremlin , Molotov had really proposed , we just don't know , and he has had no chance to reply .
His views , in fact , coincide with those of foreign enemies of peaceful coexistence , who look upon it merely as a variant of the `` cold war '' or of an `` armed peace '' .
For something , clearly , has gone very , very seriously wrong in Soviet-Chinese relations , which were never easy , and have now deteriorated .
It is extremely doubtful that the handful of Albanians who call themselves Communists could have done this without the direct approval of their Chinese friends .
These seem about the only two ways in which the `` unhappy incident '' can now be closed .
But it seems that pressures against him are coming from somewhere -- in the first place from China , but perhaps also from that `` China Lobby '' which , I was assured in Moscow nearly two years ago , exists on the quiet inside the party .
The fact that China ( which is obsessed by Formosa -- to Khrushchev a very small matter ) should be supported by North Korea and North Vietnam is highly indicative .
And one cannot but wonder whether Marshal Malinovsky , who was blowing hot and cold , exalting peace but also almost openly considering the possibility of preventive war against the West , wasn't trying to keep the Chinese quiet .
What does it all add up to ? ?
Perhaps Khrushchev is in a more difficult position than any since 1957 , when the `` anti-party group '' nearly liquidated him .
he may break with China ( which would be infernally difficult and perhaps disastrous ) , or he may succeed , by all kinds of dangerous concessions , in persuading China to be patient .
The next days may show where things stand .
The maneuvers were held `` in secret '' after a regional seminar for the Minutemen , held in nearby Shiloh , Ill. , had been broken up the previous day by deputy sheriffs , who had arrested regional leader Richard Lauchli of Collinsville , Ill. , and seized four operative weapons , including a Browning machine gun , two Browning automatic rifles and an M-4 rifle .
They were shown how to advance against an enemy outpost atop a cleared ridge .
There were no `` casualties '' , but the `` guerrillas '' admitted to being `` a little tired '' when the leaders called a halt at 9 A.M. to enable out-of-town members to catch a plane .
Hence all teachers , good and bad , who have been teaching for a given number of years are paid the same salary .
The only hope which good teachers have for being paid their due is to stop dragging the dead weight of poor teachers up the economic ladder with them .
The only hope which the public has for getting good teachers is to pay teachers on the basis of merit rather than tenure .
On the eve of the `` great debate '' on the proposal to give the President broad powers to make across-the-board tariff concessions which could practically bring us into the Atlantic Community , we should face the alternatives on this proposition .
What we will be sacrificing in any such arrangement will be our power to be selective which is contained in the reciprocal trade principle under which we now operate .
Without this power we lay open any American industry which the Europeans may find it economically profitable to destroy to the will of others .
It is this loss of initiative in how we conduct our economy which may lead to the loss of initiative in how we conduct our political affairs .
The appeal is going to be to the pocketbook and may be very convincing to those who do not see its relation to political and legal , as well as economic , self-rule .
Referring to Britain , he says , `` We see a nation that traditionally values sovereignty above all else willing to give up its economy , placing this authority in Continental hands '' .
Listen to what Mr. Johnston has to say : `` Consider the savage wounds that isolationism would inflict .
But the solution to this dilemma is not the incorporation of the United States into an Atlantic Community or `` economic empire '' , but merely what libertarians like Henry Hazlitt and Ludwig Von Mises have been arguing for years : an end to government regulations , an end to government competition in industry , and a realistic depreciation allowance for industry .
We welcome this able brief for the negative as part of a many-sided discussion of the Atlantic Common Market which JNR will be continuing in our pages .
The Peiping Chinese were the only major silver seller in the world markets who stopped selling the metal on Monday morning , November 27 , anticipating by two days the announcement of the U.S. Treasury that the pegged offering price will be removed .
This time , added to that which I had already spent in school prior to my induction in 1954 , makes a total of twenty-two ( 22 ) years of education .
The possibility of recall into the Army is part of the price that a modern American has to pay for the enviable heritage of liberty which he enjoys .
However , it seems axiomatic that the government has an obligation `` to exercise its mandate reasonably , equitably and with full regard for the disruptions which it inevitably causes '' .
Taken back into the Army now as an Sp 4 , I am leaving 110 college students whose teacher I am .
If the Hessian troops sent here willy-nilly by the Hessian Government to fight for England in the 1770's were mercenaries , what shall we call the UN troops sent to the Congo willy-nilly by their governments to fight for the United Nations ? ?
In the issue of March 5 , 1960 you had an excellent editorial which said :
Facing a prosecution which has demanded the death penalty , he said : ' I have participated in the war against Communism in Korea and at Dienbienphu , and I have helped in the evacuation of North Vietnamese to the free world .
I have done all this for the freedom of the individuals concerned and also for the states which have been threatened by Communist domination .
He has been in prison since May , 1958 , when his aircraft was shot down over Moluccas .
But who will act now and immediately to save the life of Alan Pope ? ?
A few days before I saw your mention of what Texas Liberals were doing to promote `` Louis Capet '' ( The Week '' , June 3 ) , another analogy had occurred to me .
It seems to me that N.C. , in his editorial `` Confrontation '' ( SR , Mar. 25 ) , has hit upon the real problem that bothers all of us in a complex world : how do we retain our personal relationship with those who suffer ? ?
I know of no other solution than the one N.C. proposes -- to do what we can for each sufferer as he confronts us , hoping that this will spread beyond him to others at some time and some place .
Congratulations to N.C. for successfully delving into the heart of the problems that face the Peace Corps .
It would be heartbreaking to see idealism , and hence effective leadership , thwarted by the poverty and hardship which young Americans will run into .
The important people to humanity are not the Khrushchevs and the Castros but the Schweitzers and the Dooleys , and the others like them whose names we will never know .
A Peace Corps official described the editorial as `` precisely the message we need to communicate to the men and women who will soon be Peace Corps volunteers '' .
The current stereotype of straight news reporting was probably invaluable in protecting the press and its readers from pollution by that combination of doctored fact , fancy , and personal opinion called yellow journalism which flourished in this country more than a generation ago .
A reporter restricted to the competing propaganda statements of both sides in a major labor dispute , for instance , is unable to tell his readers half of what he knows about the causes of the dispute .
Despite several years of front-page stories , the average citizen was unable to get a complete picture of McCarthy until he saw on the television screen what the reporters had been seeing all along but had no effective way of communicating .
It seems to me the time has come for the American press to start experimenting with ways of reporting the news that will do a better job of communicating and will be less subject to abuse by those who have learned how to manipulate the present stereotype to serve their own ends .
I am sure that they did when Eisenhower was President .
However , last night the tapes were not run at all during the evening hours and all we got on TV were a few snatches which Douglas Edwards and Huntley and Brinkley could squeeze into their programs .
It also happened with the Inauguration , which was not re-run at all during the evening hours , and I wrote to the TV editor of the Times .
I was interested in James Webb Young's Madison Avenue column in which he raised the question : `` Do We Need a College of Propaganda '' ? ?
and the sad part of it is that we had one , which was rounding into excellent shape , and we let it disintegrate and die .
During the war , we set up schools for the teaching of psychological warfare , which included the teaching of propaganda , both black and white and the various shades of grey in between .
Toward the end of the war , we really felt that we had learned something about propaganda and how to teach it .
When the end did come , and the schools were disbanded and abandoned , we felt and hoped that the machinery of psychological warfare would not be allowed to rust .
And not one of the four men who attended all the schools has ever been called on to apply any of his knowledge in any way .
I was surprised and sorry to find in your issue of March 4 a long and detailed attack upon a book that had not yet been published .
Whether in his forthcoming book C. P. Snow commits the errors of judgment and of fact with which your heavily autobiographical critic charged him is important .
If this practice should take root and spread , the man who submits a manuscript to a publisher will find himself reviewed before he is accepted and publication will become a sort of post-mortem formality .
`` I have read an advance copy of the Snow book which is to be titled , ' Science And Government .
But I have compared its text with already published commentaries on the 1960 series of Godkin lectures at Harvard , from which the book was derived , and I can with confidence challenge the gist of C. P. Snow's incautious tale '' .
Representatives of Harvard University Press , which is publishing the book this month of April , recognize and freely acknowledge that they invited such reaction by allowing Life magazine to print an excerpt from the book in advance of the book's publication date .
The only fact that holds any weight in the article is the result of the tea party .
To the unfortunate people unable to attend the Godkin lectures it casts an unjustifiable aura of falsehood over the book which may dissuade some people from reading it .
Certainly not in Orchestra Hall where he has played countless recitals , and where Thursday night he celebrated his 20th season with the Chicago Symphony Orchestra , playing the Brahms Concerto with his own slashing , demon-ridden cadenza melting into the high , pale , pure and lovely song with which a violinist unlocks the heart of the music , or forever finds it closed .
Those would be reserved for the orchestra's great nights when the soloist can surpass himself .
That is , when Mr. Milstein thrust straight to the core of the music , sparks flying , bow shredding , violin singing , glittering and sometimes spitting , Mr. Hendl could go along .
There was in the Brahms none of the mysterious and marvelous alchemy by which a great conductor can bring soloist , orchestra and music to ultimate fusion .
The concert opened with another big romantic score , Schumann's Overture to `` Manfred '' , which suffered fate , this time with orchestral thrusts to the Byronic point to keep it afloat .
It got the kind of scrambled , coarsened performance that can happen to best of orchestras when the man with the baton lacks technique and style .
The Bayreuth Festival opens July 23 with a new production of `` Tannhaeuser '' staged by Wieland Wagner , who is doing all the operas this time , and conducted by Wolfgang Sawallisch .
Remember how by a series of booking absurdities Chicago missed seeing the Bolshoi Ballet ? ?
Remember how by lack of two big theaters Chicago missed the first visit of the Royal Danish Ballet ? ?
But barring a miracle , and don't hold your breath for it , Chicago will not see the Leningrad-Kirov Ballet , which stems from the ballet cradle of the Maryinsky and is one of the great companies of the world .
The engagement was supposed to be all set for the big theater in McCormick Place , which Sol Hurok , ballet booker extraordinary , considers the finest house of its kind in the country -- and of course he doesn't weep at the capacity , either .
Then why not the juicy booking Hurok had held for us ? ?
Then how about the Civic Opera House ? ?
In the line of operatic trades to cushion the budget , the Dallas Civic Opera will use San Francisco's new Leni Bauer-Ecsy production of `` Lucia Di Lammermoor '' this season , returning the favor next season when San Francisco uses the Dallas `` Don Giovanni '' , designed by Franco Zeffirelli .
Another is a wily countryman called Larkin , whose blandly boisterous progress has been chronicled , I believe , in earlier volumes of Mr. Bates' comedie humaine .
Well , Jerebohm and his wife Pinkie have reached the stage of affluence that stirs a longing for the more atrociously expensive rustic simplicities .
They want to own a junior-grade castle , or a manor house , or some modest little place where Shakespeare might once have staged a pageant for Great Elizabeth and all her bearded courtiers .
They are willing to settle , however , in anything that offers pheasants to shoot at and peasants to work at .
The name of it is Gore Court , and it is surrounded by a wasteland that would impress T. S. Eliot .
The vast , dungeon kitchens may seem hardly worth using except on occasions when one is faced with a thousand unexpected guests for lunch .
It's a wonder , really , to how much mendacious trouble Larkin puts himself to sell the Jerebohms that preposterous manse .
When he needs money to buy something like , say , the Rolls-Royce he keeps near his vegetable patch , he takes a flyer in the sale of surplus army supplies .
They plan to become county people who know the proper way to terminate a fox's life on earth .
Mr. Bates shows us how this mutual education spreads its inevitable havoc .
After Larkin has been persuaded to restock his tangled acres with pheasants , he poaches only what he needs for the nourishment of his family and local callers .
It is truly odd and ironic that the most handsome and impressive film yet made from Miguel De Cervantes' `` Don Quixote '' is the brilliant Russian spectacle , done in wide screen and color , which opened yesterday at the Fifty-fifth Street and Sixty-eighth Street Playhouses .
Nikolai Cherkasov , the Russian actor who has played such heroic roles as Alexander Nevsky and Ivan the Terrible , performs the lanky Don Quixote , and does so with a simple dignity that bridges the inner nobility and the surface absurdity of this poignant man .
His addle-brained knight-errant , self-appointed to the ridiculous position in an age when armor had already been relegated to museums and the chivalrous code of knight-errantry had become a joke , is , as Cervantes no doubt intended , a gaunt but gracious symbol of good , moving soberly and sincerely in a world of cynics , hypocrites and rogues .
Directed by Grigory Kozintsev in a tempo that is studiously slow , he develops a sense of a high tradition shining brightly and passing gravely through an impious world .
The complexities of communication have been considerably abetted in this case by appropriately stilted English language that has been excellently dubbed in place of the Russian dialogue .
The episode in which Sancho Panza concludes the joke that is played on him when he is facetiously put in command of an `` island '' is one of the best in the film .
True , the pattern and flow of the drama have strong literary qualities that are a bit wearisome in the first half , before Don Quixote goes to the duke's court .
There are other good representations of peasants and people of the court by actors who are finely costumed and magnificently photographed in this last of the Russian films to reach this country in the program of joint cultural exchange .
Television has yet to work out a living arrangement with jazz , which comes to the medium more as an uneasy guest than as a relaxed member of the family .
An enthusiastic audience confirmed the `` live '' character of the hour , and provided the interaction between musician and hearer which almost always seems to improve the quality of performance .
One of the script's big problems was how to blend pictures and music of the past with live performances by musicians of today .
NBC had gathered a lot of historical material which it was eager to share .
For example , there was sheet music with the word `` jazz '' in the title , to illustrate how a word of uncertain origin took hold .
However well chosen and cleverly arranged , such memorabilia unfortunately amounted to more of an interruption than an auxiliary to the evening's main business , which ( considering the talent at hand ) should probably have been the gathering of fresh samples of the Chicago style .
Miss Sutherland appeared almost as another person in this scene : A much more girlish Lucia , a sensational coloratura who ran across stage while singing , and an actress immersed in her role .
What followed the outburst brought almost breathless silence as Miss Sutherland revealed her mastery of a voice probably unique among sopranos today .
) She has since turned to Bellini , whose opera `` Beatrice Di Tenda '' in a concert version with the American Opera Society introduced her to New York last season .
but when the sounds of the two speakers are allowed to mix , there is excellent depth and dimension to the music .
These are then mixed by their sound engineers with the active co-operation of the musical staff and combined into the final two channels which are impressed on the record .
All of the releases , however , are recorded at a gratifyingly high level , with resultant masking of any surface noise .
The major studios maintain a cadre of film librarians and research specialists who look to this matter .
Thus , in `` The Story Of Ruth '' we have Ruth , Naomi , and Boaz and sets that are meticulously authentic .
And to an industry that prides itself on authenticity , he urged greater realism .
If a man totally ignorant of America were to judge our land and its civilization based on Hollywood alone , what conclusions do you think he might come to ? ?
Francois D'Albert , Hungarian-born violinist who made his New York debut three years ago , played a return engagement last night in Judson Hall .
The acoustics of the small hall had been misgauged by the artists , so that for the first half of the program , when the piano was partially open , Mr. Jenni's playing was too loud .
This was not an overriding drawback to enjoyment of the performances , however , except in the case of the opening work , Mozart's Sonata in A ( K. 526 ) , which clattered along noisily in an unrelieved fashion .
Mr. D'Albert has a firm , attractive tone , which eschews an overly sweet vibrato .
The title refers to the nickname given his wife by the composer , who is also a member of the National Film Board of Canada .
They might well indicate conjugal felicity , but in musical terms that smack of Hollywood .
Miss Xydis has a natural affinity for the keyboard , and in the twenty years since her debut here she has gained the authority and inner assurance that lead to audience control .
Miss Xydis' earlier selections were Mendelssohn's Variations Serieuses , in which each variation was nicely set off from the others ; ;
Haydn's Sonata in E minor , which was unfailingly pleasant in sound , and Chopin's Sonata in B flat minor .
So , what was the deepest music on her program had the poorest showing .
Miss Xydis was best when she did not need to be too probing .
All the generals who held important commands in World War 2 , did not write books .
Field Marshal Slim has abridged it for the benefit of `` those who , finding not so great an attraction in accounts of military moves and counter-moves , are more interested in men and their reactions to stress , hardship and danger '' .
The man whose reactions and conclusions get the most space is , of course , the Field Marshal himself .
He had been a corps commander during the disastrous defeat and retreat of 1942 when the ill-prepared , ill-equipped British forces `` were outmaneuvered , outfought and outgeneraled '' .
But it is most interesting in its account of the unending problems of high command , of decisions and their reasons , of the myriad matters that demand attention in addition to battle action .
For general morale reasons and to encourage the efforts of his supply officers , when food was short for combat troops he cut the rations of his headquarters staff accordingly .
Other crucial matters required constant supervision : labor and all noncombatant troops , whose morale was vital , too ; ;
`` When in doubt as to two courses of action , a general should choose the bolder '' .
`` It only does harm to talk to troops about new and desirable equipment which others may have but which you cannot give them .
He is , by background and living standards , better fitted to endure hardship uncomplainingly , to demand less in the way of subsistence or comfort , and to look after himself when thrown on his own resources '' .
A bunch of young buckaroos from out West , who go by the name of Texas Boys Choir , loped into Town Hall last night and succeeded in corralling the hearts of a sizable audience .
The Polish song and dance company called Mazowsze , after the region of Poland , where it has its headquarters , opened a three-week engagement at the City Center last night .
A thoroughly ingratiating company it is , and when the final curtain falls you may suddenly realize that you have been sitting with a broad grin on your face all evening .
There is no use at all in trying to follow it dance by dance and title by title , for it has a kind of nonstop format , and moves along in an admirable continuity that demands no pauses for identification .
But under the direction of Mira Ziminska-Sygietynska , who with her late husband founded the organization in 1948 , it has all been put into theatrical form , treated selectively , choreographed specifically for presentation to spectators , and performed altogether professionally .
There is , for example , a stunning Krakowiak that closes the first act ; ;
Everywhere there are little touches of humor , and the leader of the on-stage band of musicians is an ebullient comedian who plays all sorts of odd instruments with winning warmth .
The dialogue is sharp , witty and candid -- typical `` don't eat the daisies '' material -- which has stamped the author throughout her books and plays , and it was obvious that the Theatre-by-the-Sea audience liked it .
The story is of a famous strip cartoonist , an arty individual , whose specialty is the American boy and who adopts a 10-year-old to provide him with fresh idea material .
This is when his troubles begin , not to mention a fledgling artist who he hires , and who turns out to have ideas of his own , with particular respect to the hero's sweetheart-secretary .
This may be unfortunate , perhaps , from the standpoint of David Hedison , Providence's contribution to Hollywood , who is appearing by special arrangement with 20th Century-Fox .
A word should be said for Gary Morgan , a Broadway youngster who , as the adopted son , makes life miserable for nearly everybody and Larkin in particular .
And for his playmate , Francis Coletta of West Warwick , who has a bit part , Billy .
The angriest young man in Newport last night was at the Playhouse , where `` Epitaph For George Dillon '' opened as the jazz festival closed .
Furthermore , he's something of a scoundrel , an artist whose mind and feelings are all finger-tips .
This is in contrast to the family with whom he boards .
It is into this household , one eroded by irritations that have tortured the souls out of its people , that George Dillon enters at the beginning of the play .
Not altogether a successful play , `` Epitaph For George Dillon '' overcomes through sheer vitality and power what in a lesser work might be crippling .
There is a fine second act , as an example , one in which Samuel Groom , as Dillon , has an opportunity to blaze away in one impassioned passage after another .
Just as exciting but in a more technically proficient way is Laura Stuart , whose complete control of her every movement is lovely to watch .
He dropped his earlier and delightful hamming , which is about the only way to handle the old war horse called `` Charley's Aunt '' , and let himself go with as appealing an `` Amy '' as anybody could ask .
Berman , whose fame has rested in recent years on his skills as a night club monologist , proved himself very much at home in musical comedy .
The company which performed the Pulitzer Prize musical here last night and will repeat it twice today is full of bounce , the politicians are in fine voice , the chorines evoke happy memories , and the Little Flower rides to break a lance again .
And Paul Lipson , as Morris , the faithful one who never gets home to his Shirley's dinner , was fine , too .
Charlotte Fairchild was excellent as the loyal Marie , who became the second Mrs. LaGuardia , singing and acting with remarkable conviction .
And little Zeme North , a Dora with real spirit and verve , was fascinating whether she was singing of her love for Floyd , the cop who becomes sewer commissioner and then is promoted into garbage , or just dancing to display her exuberant feelings .
The party at Floyd's penthouse gave the `` chorines '' a chance for a nostalgic frolic through all those hackneyed routines which have become a classic choreographic statement of the era's nonsense .
LaGuardia's multi-lingual rallies , when he is running for Congress , are well staged , and wind up in a wild Jewish folk-dance that is really great musical theater .
The sets are remarkably elaborate for a road-show that doesn't pause long in any one place , and they are devised so that they shift with a minimum of interruption or obtrusiveness .
It has all been done in superb style , and the result is a show which deserves the support of every person hereabouts who enjoys good musical theater .
Instead -- and not just to prove my objectivity -- I hasten to report that it's a highly amusing film which probably does a fairly accurate job of reporting on the Easter vacation shenanigans of collegians down in Fort Lauderdale , and that it seems to come to grips quite honestly with the moral problem that most commonly vexes youngsters in this age group -- that is to say , sex .
But at least it's reassuring to see some teenagers who don't profess to know all the answers and are thinking about their problems instead .
`` Where The Boys Are '' also has a juvenile bounce that makes for a refreshing venture in comedy .
There are some sharp and whipping lines and some hilariously funny situations -- the best of the latter being a mass impromptu plunge into a nightclub tank where a `` mermaid '' is performing .
I was delighted with Paula Prentiss' comedy performance , which was as fresh and unstilted as one's highest hopes might ask .
The only performance which was too soft for me was that of Yvette Mimieux , but since someone had to become the victim of despoilers , just to emphasize that such things do happen at these fracases , I suppose this was the attitude the part called for .
I must say , however , that I preferred the acting that had something of a biting edge to it .
To anyone who remembers Newport at its less than maximum violence , this view of what the boys and girls do in the springtime before they wing north for the Jazz Festival ought to prove entertaining .
The second feature , `` The Price Of Silence '' , is a British detective story that will talk your head off .
To both persons and ideas he brought the same delighted interest , the same open-minded relish for what was unique in each , the same discriminating sensibility and quicksilver intelligence , the same gallantry of judgment .
For this latest addition to the Great Letters Series , under the general editorship of Louis Kronenberger , Miss Hardwick has made a selection which admirably displays the variety of James's genius , not to mention the felicities of his style .
And how he could write ! !
Most of all , his letters to his philosophic colleagues show a magnanimity as well as an honesty which help to explain Whitehead's reference to James as `` that adorable genius '' .
This is a virtue of which we have great need in a society where there seems to be an increasing lack of communication -- or even desire for communication -- between differing schools of thought .
It holds an equally valuable lesson for a society where the word `` intellectual '' has become a term of opprobrium to millions of well-meaning people who somehow imagine that it must be destructive of the simpler human virtues .
To his Harvard colleague , Josiah Royce , whose philosophic position differed radically from his own , James could write , `` Different as our minds are , yours has nourished mine , as no other social influence ever has , and in converse with you I have always felt that my life was being lived importantly '' .
Although I absolutely reject the Platonism of it , I have literally squealed with delight at the imperturbable perfection with which the position is laid down on page after page '' .
The `` belaboring '' is of course jocular , yet James was not lacking in fundamental seriousness -- unless we measure him by that ultimate seriousness of the great religious leader or thinker who stakes all on his vision of God .
But there is a dignity and even a hint of the inspired prophet in his words to one correspondent : `` You ask what I am going to ' reply ' to Bradley .
But why need one reply to everything and everybody ? ?
As far as the rising generation goes , why not simply express ourselves positively , and trust that the truer view quietly will displace the other .
About all that remains to be said is that the present selection , most of which appeared first in The New Yorker , comprises ( as usual ) a slightly unstrung necklace , held together by little more than a slender thread cunningly inserted in the spine of the book .
`` How The Kooks Crumble '' features an amusingly accurate take-off on sneaky announcers who attempt to homogenize radio-TV commercials , and `` The Watchers Of The Night '' is a veritable waking nightmare .
Who but Thurber can be counted on to glean such nectareous essences ? ?
A tribute to midsummer `` bang-sashes '' seems terribly funny , though it would be hard to explain why .
) who first conceived the startling fancy of a picture window in the abdomen .
This is something like what Thurber's best effects are like , if I am not mistaken .
But there was terror in the thirties when the Nazis were on the loose and in those days Low struck like lightning .
Whatever the cause , his mood in the fifties rarely rises above the level of the capably sardonic .
Did Low decide to let well enough alone when he made his selections ? ?
The fox is all ingratiating smiles when he arrives from New Orleans , accompanied by one wharf rat .
But like all despots , as he builds his following from among the gullible , he grows more threatening toward those who won't follow -- such solid citizens as Doc Raccoon ; ;
and the eagle , who leads the bird community when he is not too busy in Washington posing for fifty-cent pieces .
As soon as the fox has taken hold on most of the populace he imports more wharf rats , who , of course , say they are the aggrieved victims of an extermination campaign in the city .
George Kennan's account of relations between Russia and the West from the fall of Tsarism to the end of World War 2 , is the finest piece of diplomatic history that has appeared in many years .
It combines qualities that are seldom found in one work : Scrupulous scholarship , a fund of personal experience , a sense of drama and characterization and a broad grasp of the era's great historical issues .
the author possesses an uncommonly fine English style , and he is dealing with subjects of vast importance that are highly topical for our time .
If Mr. Kennan is sometimes a little somber in his appraisals , if his analysis of how Western diplomacy met the challenge of an era of great wars and social revolutions is often critical and pessimistic -- well , the record itself is not too encouraging .
Mr. Kennan takes careful account of every mitigating circumstance in recalling the historical atmosphere in which mistaken decisions were taken .
But he rejects , perhaps a little too sweepingly , the theory that disloyal and pro-Communist influences may have contributed to the policy of appeasing Stalin which persisted until after the end of the war and reached its high point at the Yalta Conference in February , 1945 .
And Harry Dexter White , implicated in F.B.I. reports in Communist associations , was one of the architects of the Morgenthau Plan , which had it ever been put into full operation , would have simply handed Germany to Stalin .
One item in this unhappy scheme was to have Germany policed exclusively by its continental neighbors , among whom only the Soviet Union possessed real military strength .
It is quite probable , however , that stupidity , inexperience and childish adherence to slogans like `` unconditional surrender '' had more to do with the unsatisfactory settlements at the end of the war than treason or sympathy with Communism .
Mr. Kennan sums up his judgment of what went wrong this way :
`` You see , first of all and in a sense as the source of all other ills , the unshakeable American commitment to the principle of unconditional surrender : The tendency to view any war in which we might be involved not as a means of achieving limited objectives in the way of changes in a given status quo , but as a struggle to the death between total virtue and total evil , with the result that the war had absolutely to be fought to the complete destruction of the enemy's power , no matter what disadvantages or complications this might involve for the more distant future '' .
Recognizing that there could have been no effective negotiated peace with Hitler , he points out the shocking failure to give support to the anti-Nazi underground , which very nearly eliminated Hitler in 1944 .
A veteran diplomat with an extraordinary knowledge of Russian language , history and literature , Kennan recalls how , at the time of Hitler's attack on the Soviet Union in 1941 , he penned a private note to a State Department official , expressing the hope that `` never would we associate ourselves with Russian purposes in the areas of eastern Europe beyond her own boundaries '' .
With justified bitterness the author speaks of `` what seems to me to have been an inexcusable body of ignorance about the nature of the Russian Communist movement , about the history of its diplomacy , about what had happened in the purges , and about what had been going on in Poland and the Baltic States '' .
the second , the seizure of power by the Bolsheviks ( who later called themselves Communists ) in November of the same year .
As Kennan shows , the judgment of the Allied governments about what was happening in Russia was warped by the obsession of defeating Germany .
They attributed everything that went wrong in Russia to German influence and intrigue .
Of many passages in the book that exemplify the author's vivid style , the characterizations of the two plebeian dictators whose crimes make those of crowned autocrats pale by comparison may be selected .
a man in whose entourage none was ever safe ; ;
a man whose hand was set against all that could not be useful to him at the moment ; ;
a man who was most dangerous of all to those who were his closest collaborators in crime .
`` Behind that Charlie Chaplin moustache and that truant lock of hair that always covered his forehead , behind the tirades and the sulky silences , the passionate orations and the occasional dull evasive stare , behind the prejudices , the cynicism , the total amorality of behavior , behind even the tendency to great strategic mistakes , there lay a statesman of no mean qualities : Shrewd , calculating , in many ways realistic , endowed -- like Stalin -- with considerable powers of dissimulation , capable of playing his cards very close to his chest when he so desired , yet bold and resolute in his decisions , and possessing one gift Stalin did not possess : The ability to rouse men to fever pitch of personal devotion and enthusiasm by the power of the spoken word '' .
Two criticisms of this generally admirable and fascinating book involve the treatment of wartime diplomacy which is jagged at the edges -- there is no mention of the Potsdam Conference or the Morgenthau Plan .
And in a concluding chapter about America's stance in the contemporary world , one senses certain misplacements of emphasis and a failure to come to grips with the baffling riddle of our time : How to deal with a wily and aggressive enemy without appeasement and without war .
Mr. Kennan , who has recently abandoned authorship for a new round of diplomacy as the recently appointed American ambassador to Yugoslavia , is not the only man who finds it easier to portray the past than to prescribe for the future .
In `` Donnybrook '' , there is quite a different Eire , a rural land where singing , dancing , fist-fighting and romancing are the thing .
This is the tale of one John Enright , an American who has accidentally killed a man in the prize ring and is now trying to forget about it in a quiet place where he may become a quiet man .
But Innesfree , where Ellen Roe Danaher and her bullying brother , Will , live , is no place for a man who will not use his fists .
So Enright's courting of the mettlesome Ellen is impeded considerably , thereby providing the tale which is told .
You may be sure he marries her in the end and has a fine old knockdown fight with the brother , and that there are plenty of minor scraps along the way to ensure that you understand what the word Donnybrook means .
Then there is a matchmaker , one Mikeen Flynn , a role for which Eddie Foy was happily selected .
Now there is no reason in the world why a matchmaker in Ireland should happen also to be a talented soft-shoe dancer and gifted improviser of movements of the limbs , torso and neck , except that these talents add immensely to the enjoyment of the play .
His matchmaking is , naturally , incidental , and it only serves Flynn right when a determined widow takes him by the ear and leads him off to matrimony .
Although he is not graced with the subtleties of romantic technique , that's not what an ex-prize fighter is supposed to have , anyway .
Joan Fagan , a fiery redhead who can impress you that she has a temper whether she really has one or not , plays Ellen , and sings the role very well , too .
If the mettle which Ellen exhibits has a bit of theatrical dross in it , never mind ; ;
Then there are a pair of old biddies played by Grace Carney and Sibly Bowan who may be right off the shelf of stock Irish characters , but they put such a combination of good will and malevolence into their parts that they're quite entertaining .
So is that of the limber company of lasses who whirl and glide and quickstep under Jack Cole's expert choreographic direction .
Rouben Ter-Arutunian , in his stage settings , often uses the scrim curtain behind which Mr. Cole has placed couples or groups who sing and set the mood for the scenes which are to follow .
There is no reason why most theatergoers should not have a pretty good time at `` Donnybrook '' , unless they are permanently in the mood of Enright when he sings about how easily he could hate the lovable Irish .
Some of the New York Philharmonic musicians who live in the suburbs spent yesterday morning digging themselves free from snow .
The music sang nicely , sprinted evenly when necessary , was properly accented and balanced .
The Franck symphonic poem , `` Psyche '' , is a lush , sweet-sounding affair that was pleasant to encounter once again .
A school of thought has it that those attributes are exactly what this concerto needs .
So the plot creaks , the sets are decaying , the costumes are pre-historic , the orchestra was sloppy and not very well connected with what the singers were doing .
His wicked deeds were carried on by Anselmo Colzani , who was taking the part for the first time with the company .
What was lacking was a real sense of phrase , the kind of legato singing that would have added a dimension of smoothness to what is , after all , a very oily character .
The English never again developed a strong native music that could obliterate the traces of an earlier great age the way , say , the opera in Italy blotted out the Italian madrigal .
Naturally , Mr. Deller and the other singers in his troupe are most charming and elegant when they are squarely in their tradition and singing music by their countrymen : William Byrd , Thomas Morley and Thomas Tomkins .
BAM is the unlikely name of a French recording company whose full label is Editions De La boite A Musique .
What is interesting about these chamber works here is how they all reveal the aspect of French music that was moving toward the rococo .
The Couperin `` La Steinkerque '' , with its battle music , brevity , wit and refined simplicity , already shakes off Corelli and points towards the mid-century elegances that ended the baroque era .
Since rococo music tends to be pretty and elegant above all , it can seem rather vacuous to twentieth-century ears that have grown accustomed to the stress and dissonances of composers from Beethoven to Boulez .
Songs from China and Japan were reserved exclusively for Miss Mao , who is a native of China , and those of the British Isles were sung by Mr. Fuller , who is English by birth .
What was omitted from `` A Neglected Education '' were those essentials known as `` the facts of life '' .
What a silly , artificial way of life , Chabrier and his librettists chuckle .
Chabrier's delightful music stands just at the point where the classical , rationalist tradition , ( handed down to Chabrier largely in the form of operetta and salon music ) becomes virtually neo-classicism .
Benita Valente was delightful as the young wife and John Parella was amusing as the tutor who failed to do all his tutoring .
I make this observation about the lady , Miss Judy Garland , because she brought up the subject herself in telling a story about a British female reporter who flattered her terribly in London recently and then wrote in the paper the next day :
But who cares , when the lady sings ? ?
And Judy sang the lovely old familiar things which seemed , at times , a blessed relief from the way-out compositions of the progressive jazzmen who have dominated these proceedings .
Along about 4:30 , just when it was getting to be about time to turn the audience over and toast them on the other side , Judy came on singing , in a short-skirted blue dress with a blue and white jacket that flapped in the wind .
Her bouffant coiffure was fortunately combed on the left which happened to be the direction from which a brisk breeze was blowing .
In her first song she waved away one encroaching photographer who dared approach the throne unbidden and thereafter the boys with the cameras had to unsheathe their 300 mm. lenses and shoot at extreme range .
There also came a brief contretemps with the sound mixers who made the mistake of being overheard during a quiet moment near the conclusion of `` Do It Again '' , and she made the tart observation that `` I never saw so much moving about in an audience '' .
Sometimes they struck me as horribly over-arranged -- which was the way I felt about her `` Come Rain or Come Shine '' -- and sometimes they were just plain magnificent , like her shatteringly beautiful `` Beautiful Weather '' .
The audience wouldn't let her leave until it had heard `` Over The Rainbow '' -- although the fellow that kept crying for `` Get Happy '' had to go home unhappy , about that item anyway .
All went home happy except the Newport police , who feared that the throng departing at 6:35 might meet head-on the night crowd drawing nigh , and those deprived of their happy hour at the cocktail bar .
Several times it came near breaking , and there were in fact some lovely peals of thunder from Jerry Mulligan's big band , which is about as fine an aggregation as has come along in the jazz business since John Hammond found Count Basie working in a Kansas City trap .
Mulligan's band has been infected with his solid sense of swing , and what it does seems far more meaningful than most of the noise generated by the big concert aggregations .
But what is equally impressive is the delicacy and wonderful lyric quality of both the band and Mulligan's baritone sax in a fragile ballad like Bob Brookmeyer's arrangement of `` Django's Castle '' .
There was considerable contrast between this Mulligan performance and that of Art Blakey and The Jazz Messengers , who are able to generate a tremendous sound for such a small group .
He prefers to have his soloist performing and thus we get only brief glimpses of what his ensemble work is like .
What we did get , however , was impressive .
A few drops of rain just before midnight , when Sarah Vaughan was in the midst of her first number , scattered the more timid members of the audience briefly , but at this hour and with Sarah on the stand , most of the listeners didn't care whether they got wet .
After the spate of female vocalists we have been having , all of whom took Sarah as a point of departure and then tried to see what they could do that might make her seem old hat , it seemed that all that has happened is to make the real thing seem better than ever .
This was a continuation of a good idea which was first tried out Saturday night when the Eddie Stack group , also local talent , went on first .
Putting on local musicians at this place in the program serves a triple purpose : it saves the top flight jazz men from being wasted in this unenviable spot , when the audience is cold , restless , and in flux ; ;
The Jazz Three displayed their sound musicianship , not only in their own chosen set , but as the emergency accompanists for Al Minns & Leon James , the superb jazz dancers who have now been Newport performers for three successive years , gradually moving up from a morning seminar on the evolution of the blues to a spot on the evening program .
Julie Wilson , a vigorous vocalist without many wild twists , sang a set , a large part of which consisted of such seldom heard old oldies as `` Hard-Hearted Hannah , The Vamp Of Savannah '' , and the delightful `` Sunday '' .
From this taste of the 1920s , we leaped way out to Stan Getz's private brand of progressive jazz , which did lovely , subtle things for `` Baubles , Bangles And Beads '' , and a couple of ballards .
In this he is sticking with tradition , however far removed from it he may seem to be .
He met with enthusiastic audience approval , especially when he swung from jazz to Latin American things like the Mambo .
A very casual , pleasant program -- one of those easy-going things that make Newport's afternoon programs such a relaxing delight -- was held again under sunny skies , hot sun , and a fresh breeze for an audience of at least a couple of thousands who came to Newport to hear music rather than go to the beach .
Divided almost equally into two parts , it consisted of `` The Evolution Of The Blues '' , narrated by Jon Hendricks , who had presented it last year at the Monterey , Calif. , Jazz Festival , and an hour-long session of Maynard Ferguson and his orchestra , a blasting big band .
Tracing the blues from its African roots among the slaves who were brought to this country and the West Indies , he stressed the close relationship between the early jazz forms and the music of the Negro churches .
To help him on this religious aspect of primitive jazz he had `` Big '' Miller , as a preacher-singer and Hannah Dean , Gospel-singer , while Oscar Brown Jr. , an extremely talented young man , did a slave auctioneer's call , a field-hands' work song , and a beautifully sung Negro lullaby , `` Brown Baby '' , which was one of the truly moving moments of the festival .
One of those delightful surprise additions , which so frequently occur in jazz programs , was an excellent stint at the drums by the great Joe Jones , drumming to `` Old Man River '' , which seems to have been elected the favorite solo for the boys on the batterie at this year's concerts .
Demonstrating the primitive African rhythmic backgrounds of the Blues was Michael Babatunde Olatunji , who plays such native drums as the konga and even does a resounding job slapping his own chest .
Jimmy Witherspoon , Blues singer ( and a good one ) , and the Ike Isaacs Trio , which has done such wonderful work for two afternoons now , helping him with the musical examples .
Pianists who are serious about their work are likely to know the interesting material contained in Schubert's Sonatas .
Music lovers who are not familiar with this literature may hear an excellent example , played for RCA by Emil Gilels .
Rhythmic interest , melodic beauty and the expansiveness of the writing are all qualities which hold one's attention with the Gilels playing .
What a discussion can ensue when the title of this type of song is in question .
Do you say chantey , as if the word were derived from the French word chanter , to sing , or do you say shanty and think of a roughly built cabin , which derives its name from the French-Canadian use of the word chantier , with one of its meanings given as a boat-yard ? ?
The London label offers an operatic recital by Ettore Bastianini , a baritone whose fame is international .
It may be , of course , that Mr. Louis is consciously trying to create works that anticipate an age of total automation .
Choreographed by Mr. Nagrin , the work filled the second half of a program that also offered the first New York showing of Miss Tamiris' `` Once Upon A Time '' as well as her `` Women's Song '' and Mr. Nagrin's `` Indeterminate Figure '' .
But we need not mind too much , because Mr. Nagrin has expressed it through movement that is diverting and clever almost all the way .
Miss Tamiris' `` Once Upon A Time '' is a problem piece about a man and a woman and the three `` figures '' that bother them somehow .
This news , announced by Jerome Toobin , the orchestra's administrative director , brought applause from the 2,800 persons who filled the hall .
The details of the suburban concerts next season , and the centers in which they will be given , will be announced later , Mr. Toobin said .
The concertos that Van Cliburn has been associated with in New York since his triumphant return from Russia in 1958 have been the Tchaikovsky , the Rachmaninoff Third , and the Prokofieff Third .
But they were not what distinguished his performance .
The elements that did were the introspective slow movement , the beautiful transition to the third movement , and the passages of filigree that laced through the bigger moments of the opening movement and the final Rondo .
Mr. Wallenstein , who will lead all of the concerts in the cycle , also conducted the `` Leonore '' Overture No. 3 and the Fourth Symphony .
And although there was plenty of vigor in the performance , the ensemble was at its best when the playing was soft and lyrical , yet full of the suppressed tension that is one of the hallmarks of Beethoven .
There are times when one suspects that the songs that are dropped from musical shows before they reach Broadway may really be better than many of those that are left in .
Today , in the era of the integrated musical when an individual song must contribute to the over-all development of the show , it is understandable that a song , no matter how excellent it may be on its own terms , is cut out because it does not perform the function required of it .
Deemed too static when it was first heard in `` Lady Be Good '' in Philadelphia in 1924 , it was dropped from the score .
Several of these double entries have been collected by Ben Bagley and Michael McWhinney , along with Rodgers and Hart songs that disappeared permanently en route to New York and others that reached Broadway but have not become part of the constantly heard Rodgers and Hart repertory , in a delightfully refreshing album , Rodgers And Hart Revisited ( Spruce Records , 505 Fifth Avenue , New York ) .
Among the particular gems in this collection is the impudent opening song of `` The Garrick Gaieties '' , an impressive forecast of the wit and melody that were to come from Rodgers and Hart in the years that followed ; ;
and the incisive style with which Charlotte Rae delivers the top-drawer Hart lyrics of `` I Blush '' , a song that was cut from `` A Connecticut Yankee '' .
stereo LSO 1066 ) that has some entertaining moments , although it is scarcely as inventive as the praise elicited by the show might lead one to expect .
Rudy Vallee , who shares star billing with Mr. Morse , makes only two appearances .
stereo LSO 1065 ) , but in this case it is the music that stands above the lyrics .
For this story of an American couple who meet and fall in love in Israel , Mr. Herman has written songs that are warmly melodious and dance music that sparkles .
Mr. Herman has managed to mix musical ideas drawn from Israel and the standard American ballad style in a manner that stresses the basic tunefulness of both idioms .
stereo SWAO 1643 ) , a saga of life on a cruise ship that is not apt to be included among Mr. Coward's more memorable works .
Elaine Stritch , who sings with a persuasively warm huskiness , belts some life into most of her songs , but the other members of the cast sound as lukewarm as Mr. Coward's songs .
It's the old story , war or no war , and more than one viewer may recall Hollywood's `` Titanic '' , several seasons back , when the paramount concern was for the marital discord of a society dilettante .
Only once in a very long while comes a book that gives the reader a magic sense of sharing a rare experience .
`` He has married me with a ring of bright water '' , begins the Kathleen Raine poem from which Maxwell takes his title , and it is this mystic bond between the human and natural world that the author conveys .
How Maxwell recounts his first coming to Camusfearna , his furnishing the empty house with beach-drift , the subtle changes in season over ten years , is a moving experience .
Just the evocations of time and place , of passionate encounter between man and a natural world which today seems almost lost , would be enough .
There is Mijbil , an otter who travelled with Maxwell -- and gave Maxwell's name to a new species -- from the Tigris marshes to his London flat .
This is not only a compliment to Mijbil , of whom there are a fine series of photographs and drawings in the book , but to the author who has catalogued the saga of a frightened otter cub's journey by plane from Iraq to London , then by train ( where he lay curled in the wash basin playing with the water tap ) to Camusfearna , with affectionate detail .
With curiosity and elan , he explored every inch of glen , beach and burn , once stranding himself for hours on a ledge high up a sheer seventy-foot cliff and waiting with calm faith to be rescued by Maxwell , who nearly lost his life in doing so .
A year and a day of this idyll is described for the reader , one in which not only discovery of a new world of personality is charted , but self-discovery as well .
`` To be quite alone where there are no other human beings is sharply exhilarating ; ;
Two other people in time shared Mijbil's love : `` it remained around us three that his orb revolved when he was not away in his own imponderable world of wave and water ; ;
Man , to whom Mij gave endless affection and fealty , was responsible in the form of a road worker with a pickaxe who somehow becomes an abstract symbol of the savage in man .
One is not sure who emerges as the main personality of this book -- Mijbil , with his rollicking ways , or Maxwell himself , poet , portrait painter , writer , journalist , traveller and zoologist , sensitive but never sentimental recorder of an unusual way of life , in a language at once lyrical and forceful , vivid and unabashed .
This reviewer read the book when it was first brought out in England with a sense of discovery and excitement .
They serve to contradict a popular notion that the Comedie merely repeats , as accurately as possible , the techniques of acting the classics that prevailed in the 17th century .
The directors of the Comedie do not respond to adverse notices in as docile and subservient a manner as the Broadway producers who , in two instances this season , closed their plays after one performance .
The government pays a subsidy for revival of the classics , and this policy attracts experimenters who sometimes put Moliere's characters in modern dress and often achieve interesting results .
A few literary men defended what they took to be an emphasis on the poetry at the expense of the drama , but the response was mainly hostile and quite violent .
The new `` School For Wives '' was interpreted according to a principle that is becoming increasingly common in the playing of classic comedy -- the idea of turning some obviously ludicrous figure into a tragic character .
I say `` apparently '' although I saw Jouvet as Arnolphe when he visited this country shortly before his death ; ;
Arnolphe , it will be recalled , is a man of mature years who tries to preserve the innocence of his youthful wife-to-be .
Tartuffe is the religious hypocrite who courts his benefactor's wife .
Louis Seigner , who formerly played the deluded benefactor opposite Ledoux , is the Tartuffe of the present production , which he himself directed .
The whole role , by the way , is a considerable transformation for anyone who has seen Seigner in his other parts .
We are often told that the Comedie has , unfortunately , life-contracts with old actors who are both mediocre and lazy , drawing their pay without much acting but probably doing real service to the Comedie by staying off the stage .
Seigner , however , is a fine actor and probably the busiest man in the company ; ;
To begin with , Scapin is a trickster in the old tradition of the clever servant who plots the strategy of courtship for his master .
Hirsch's Scapin is healthy , cheerful , energetic , revelling in his physical agility and his obvious superiority to the young gentlemen whom he serves .
And surely his Scapin has a fresh directness , a no-nonsense quality that seems to make him his own master and nobody's servant .
Django Reinhardt , the ill-fated gypsy , was a true artist , one who demonstrated conclusively the power of art to renew itself and flow into many channels .
There is hardly a jazz guitarist in the business today who doesn't owe something to Django .
He told once of how he switched his style of playing to jazz after listening to two old Armstrong records he bought in the Flea Market in Paris .
Django , who was born Jean Baptiste Reinhardt in Belgium and who died in 1953 in France , was an extraordinary man .
Most of the fingers on his left hand were burned off when he fell asleep with a cigarette .
He is one of the few men in history who plays jazz on a violin .
Good Time Jazz has released a nice two-record album which he made .
All this will serve to show off the Ory style in fine fashion and is a must for those who want to collect elements of the old-time jazz before it is too late to lay hands on the gems .
That is an evening of music-making that would faze many a younger man ; ;
There were 8,000 persons at the Stadium who can tell their grandchildren that they heard Elman .
But , with all due respects and allowances , it must truthfully be said that what they heard was more syrupy than sweet , more mannered than musical .
like his sweet , attractive Romanza , it belongs to what the composer called his `` Non-Dissonant ( Mostly ) '' category of works .
A woman who undergoes artificial insemination against the wishes of her husband is the unlikely heroine of `` A Question Of Adultery '' , yesterday's new British import at the Apollo .
Since an objective viewer might well conclude that this is not a situation that would often arise , the film's extensive discussion of the problem seems , at best , superfluous .
Anthony Steel , as the husband , is a jealous type who argues against her course and sues for divorce , labeling her action adulterous .
When the husband drops the case and returns to his wife , both seem sorry they brought the matter up in the first place .
No doubt the underlying idea was to show that for all the elegance and artistry that have distinguished its presentations thus far , it too could give a circus if it pleased .
At the end of the program , indeed , there was a demonstration that lasted for forty-five minutes , and nothing could stop it .
Alexandre Livshitz repeated a fantastic technical bit from the closing number , `` Taras Bulba '' , but even then there was a substantial number of diehards who seemed determined not to go home at all .
But for all the manifest intention to `` show off '' , this was a circus with a difference , for instead of descending in quality to what is known as a popular level , it added further to the evidence that this is a very great dancing company .
It is danced by some thirty-five men and no women , and it contains everything in the books -- lusty comedy , gregarious cavorting , and tricks that only madmen or Russians would attempt to make the human body perform .
At the other extreme in character was the half-hour excerpt from the Petipa-Minkus ballet `` Bayaderka '' , which opened the evening .
What a man this Petipa was ! !
And why do we in the West know so few of his ballets ? ?
This scene is a `` white ballet '' in which a lovelorn hero searches for his departed love's spirit among twenty-eight extraordinarily beautiful `` shadows '' who can all dance like nothing human -- which , of course , is altogether fitting .
a stirring `` Flames Of Paris '' pas de deux by Xenia Ter-Stepanova and Alexandre Pavlovsky , and a lovely version of Fokine's `` Le Cygne '' by Olga Moiseyeva , which had to be repeated .
A year ago today , when the Democrats were fretting and frolicking in Los Angeles and John F. Kennedy was still only an able and ambitious Senator who yearned for the power and responsibility of the Presidency , Theodore H. White had already compiled masses of notes about the Presidential campaign of 1960 .
He asked intimate questions and got frank answers from the members of what he calls the candidates' `` in-groups '' .
Those of us who read the papers may think we know a good deal about that election ; ;
how little we know of what there is to be known is made humiliatingly clear by Mr. White in `` The Making Of The President 1960 '' .
What might have been only warmed-over topical journalism turns out to be an eyewitness contribution to history .
Mr. White , who is only a competent novelist , is a brilliant reporter .
He frequently cites intimate details that seem to come straight from the horse's mouth , from numerous insiders and from Mr. Kennedy himself ; ;
but never from Mr. Nixon , who looked on reporters with suspicion and distrust .
`` Rarely in American history has there been a political campaign that discussed issues less or clarified them less '' , says Mr. White .
Mr. White admires him profoundly and leaves no doubt that he is a Democrat himself who expects Mr. Kennedy to be a fine President .
Throughout `` The Making Of A President '' Mr. White shows wonderfully well how the pressures pile up on candidates , how decisions have constantly to be made , how fatigue and illness and nervous strain wear candidates down , how subordinates play key roles .
To understand American politics is , simply , to know people , to know the relative weight of names -- who are heroes , who are straw men , who controls , who does not .
`` All platforms are meaningless : the program of either party is what lies in the vision and conscience of the candidate the party chooses to lead it '' .
Nostalgia week at Lewisohn Stadium , which had begun with the appearance of the 70-year-old Mischa Elman on Tuesday night , continued last night as Lily Pons led the list of celebrities in an evening of French operatic excerpts .
The better part of gallantry might be , perhaps , to honor her perennial good looks and her gorgeous rainbow-hued gown , and to chide the orchestra for not playing in the same keys in which she had chosen to sing .
No orchestra , however , could be expected to follow a singer through quite as many adventures with pitch as Miss Pons encountered last night .
On the whole , however , one must wonder at just what it is that forces a beloved artist to besmirch her own reputation as time marches inexorably on .
Mr. Verreau began shakily , with a voice that tended toward an unpleasant whiteness when pushed beyond middle volume .
The mushrooming of FM outlets , offering concerts ( both jazz and classical ) , lectures , and other special events , is a phenomenon which has had a fair amount of publicity .
Not so well known is the growth of broadcasting operations aimed wholly or partly at Negro listeners -- an audience which , in the United States , comprises some 19,000,000 people with $20,000,000,000 to spend each year .
Futhermore , the station which wants real prestige must lead or participate in community improvement projects , not simply serve on the air .
A year ago the Negro Radio Association was formed to spur research which the 30-odd member stations are sure will bring in more business .
The Keystone Broadcasting System's Negro network includes 360 affiliated stations , whose signals reach more than half the total U.S. Negro population .
One question which inevitably crops up is whether such stations have a future in a nation where the Negro is moving into a fully integrated status .
Whatever the long-range impact of integration , the owners of Negro-appeal radio stations these days know they have an audience and that it is loyal .
What sets Negro-appeal programing apart from other radio shows ? ?
Sponsor quotes John McLendon of the McLendon-Ebony station group as saying that the Southern Negro is becoming conscious of quality and `` does not wish to be associated with radio which is any way degrading to his race ; ;
he tends to shy away from the hooting and hollering personalities that originally made Negro radio programs famous '' .
`` Negro-appeal radio is more important to the Negro today , because it provides a direct and powerful mirror in which the Negro can hear and see his ambitions , achievements and desires .
Few artists have left a life work so eloquent of the period in which they lived .
Few who have painted the scenes around them have done so with so little bitterness .
As early as 1928 , however , the Sloan style began to change .
The solidity of brush stroke yielded to a hatching technique that finally led to virtual abandonment of American genres in favor of single figure studies and studio nudes .
the multifigure `` Traveling Carnival '' , in which action is vivified by lighting ; ;
The fact that Sloan was an extrovert , concerned primarily with what he saw , adds greatly to the value of his art as a human chronicle .
All belong to the collection being given to Wilmington over a period of years by Mrs. Sloan , who has cherished such revelatory items ever since she first studied with Sloan at the Art Students League , New York , in the 1920's .
The current exhibition , which remains on view through Oct. 29 , has tapped 14 major collections and many private sources .
Any musician playing Beethoven here , where Beethoven was born , is likely to examine his own interpretations with special care .
In a sense , he is offering Bonn what its famous son ( who left as a youth ) never did -- the sound of the composer's mature style .
Robert Riefling , who gave the only piano recital of the recently concluded 23rd Beethoven Festival , penetrated deep into the spirit of the style .
The 32 C Minor Variations with which he opened moved fluently yet logically from one to another , leaving the right impression of abundance under discipline .
The D Minor Sonata , Op. 31 No. 2 , introduced by dynamically shaped arpeggios , was most engaging in its moments of quasi-recitative -- single lines in which the fingers seemed to be feeling their way toward the idea to come .
These inwardly dramatic moments showed the kind of `` opera style '' of which Beethoven was genuinely capable , but which did not take so kindly to the mechanics of staging .
Volker Wangenheim , who conducted Bonn's Stadtisches Orchester on the following evening , made one more conscious of the process of interpretation .
But he weighted the Eighth Symphony , at times , with a shuddering subjectivity which seemed considerably at odds with the music .
The conductor's preoccupation with the business of starting and stopping caused occasional raggedness , as with the first orchestra entrance in the Fourth Piano Concerto , but when he put his deliberations and obsequies aside and let the music move as designed , it did so with plenty of spring .
The concerto's soloist , Hans Richter-Haaser , played with compensatory ease and economy , though without the consummate plasticity to which we had been treated on the previous evening by Herr Riefling .
The last program of this festival , which during two weeks had sampled most compositional categories , brought the Cologne Rundfunk-Sinfonie-Orchester and Rundfunkchor to Bonn's gold-filled hall for a performance of the Missa Solemnis .
A tribe in ancient India believed the earth was a huge tea tray resting on the backs of three giant elephants , which in turn stood on the shell of a great tortoise .
But the primitive method of explaining the unknown with what is known bears at least a symbolic resemblance to the methods of modern science .
It is the business of cosmologists , the scientists who study the nature and structure of the universe , to try to solve the great cosmic mysteries by using keys that have clicked open other doors .
These keys are the working principles of physics , mathematics and astronomy , principles which are then extrapolated , or projected , to explain phenomena of which we have little or no direct knowledge .
Because of this Dr. Bonnor holds that the universe is becoming more thinly populated by stars and whatever else is there .
Then , after many more billions of years , when all the galaxies are whistling toward a common center , this movement will slow down and reverse itself again .
He supports the steady-state theory which holds that matter is continually being created in space .
He contends this idea doesn't conflict with experiments on which the principle of conservation of matter and energy is based because some slight error must be assumed in such experiments .
Protons and electrons bear opposite electrical charges which make them attract each other , and when they are joined they make up an atom of hydrogen -- the basic building block of matter .
Several photographs and charts of galaxies help the non-scientist keep up with the discussion , and the smooth language indicates the contributors were determined to avoid the jargon that seems to work its way into almost every field .
It is clear from this discussion that cosmologists of every persuasion look hopefully toward the day when a man-made satellite can be equipped with optical devices which will open up new vistas to science .
There would seem to be some small solace in the prospect that the missile race between nations is at the same time accelerating the study of the space around us , giving us a long-sought ladder from which to peer at alien regions .
`` Roots '' , the new play at the brand-new Mayfair Theater on 46th St. which has been made over from a night club , is about the intellectual and spiritual awakening of an English farm girl .
Only in its final scene , where Beatie Bryant ( Mary Doyle ) shakes off the disappointment of being jilted by her intellectual lover and proclaims her emancipation do we get much which makes worthwhile the series of boorish rustic happenings we have had to watch for most of the first two and one-half acts .
They dwell , in short , in the doltish twilight in which peasants and serfs of the past are commonly reported to have lived .
But this is a theme which does not take so much time to state as Mr. Wesker dedicates to it .
She is just home from a sojourn in London where she has become the sweetheart of a young fellow named Ronnie ( we never do see him ) and has been subjected to a first course in thinking and appreciating , including a dose of good British socialism .
Despite a too long sustained declamatory flight , this final speech is convincing , and we see why British audiences apparently were impressed by `` Roots '' .
There were several fairly good minor portraits in the play , including William Hansen's impersonation of a stubborn , rather pathetic father , and Katherine Squire's vigorous characterization of a farm mother who brooked no hifalutin' nonsense from her daughter , or anyone else .
Shakespeare had a word for everything , even for the rain that disrupted Wednesday night's `` Much Ado About Nothing '' opening the season of free theatre in Central Park .
The New York Shakespeare Festival , which is using the Wollman Memorial Skating Rink while its theatre near the Belvedere is being completed , began bravely .
The simple-minded comedy of Dogberry and Verges , also familiar in a day that responds easily to jokes skimmed off the top of writers' heads , evoked laughter .
Twenty minutes after the interruption , although it was still raining , the play was resumed at the point in the fourth act where it had been stopped .
If any among the hardy hundreds who sat in the downpour are in doubt about how it comes out , let them take comfort .
One could hardly blame Newbold Morris , the Parks Commissioner , for devoting so much grateful mention to the department's technicians who at short notice provided the stage with its rising platforms , its balcony , its generous wings and even its impressive trapdoors for the use of the villains .
Eldon Elder , who designed the stage , also created a gay , spacious set that blended attractively with the park background and Shakespeare's lighthearted mood .
Mr. Papp has directed a performance that has verve and pace , although he has tolerated obvious business to garner easy laughs where elegance and consistency of style would be preferable .
For style and assurance , for a supreme and regal bearing there is still no one who can touch her .
But what has been happening recently might be described as creeping mannerism .
Instead of her old confidence in the simplest , purest , most moving musical expression , Miss Schwarzkopf is letting herself be tempted by the classic sin of artistic pride -- that subtle vanity that sometimes misleads a great artist into thinking that he or she can somehow better the music by bringing to it something extra , some personal dramatic touch imposed from the outside .
All the more reason why there should have been no place for the frills ; ;
The dance , dancers and dance enthusiasts ( 8,500 of them ) had a much better time of it at Lewisohn Stadium on Saturday night than all had had two nights earlier , when Stadium Concerts presented the first of two dance programs .
Maria Tallchief and Erik Bruhn , who danced the `` Nutcracker '' pas de deux , were also seen in the Petipa-Minkus pas de deux from `` Don Quixote '' , another brilliant showpiece that displayed their technical prowess handsomely .
Among the other solo ballet dancers of the evening , Elisabeth Carroll and Ivan Allen were particularly impressive in their roles in `` The Duel '' , a work that depends so much upon the precision and incisiveness of the two principal combatants .
As Brother John Sellers sang five `` blues '' to the guitar and drum accompaniments of Bruce Langhorne and Shep Shepard , Mr. Ailey and Miss De Lavallade went through volatile dances that were by turns insinuating , threatening , contemptuous and ecstatic .
The cat-like sinuousness and agility of both dancers were exploited in leaps , lifts , crawls and slides that were almost invariably compelling in a work of strong , sometimes almost frightening , tensions .
This somewhat cynical comment may be found in `` Blue Skies , Brown Studies '' , a collection of travel essays by William Sansom , who would never consider staying home for long .
Mr. Sansom is English , bearded , formidably cultivated , the versatile author of numerous volumes of short stories , of novels and of pieces that are neither short stories nor travel articles but something midway between .
The only man alive who seems qualified by his learning , his disposition and his addiction to a baroque luxuriance of language to inherit the literary mantle of Sacheverell Sitwell , Mr. Sansom writes of foreign parts with a dedication to decoration worthy of a pastry chef creating a wedding cake for the marriage of a Hungarian beauty ( her third ) and an American multimillionaire ( his fourth ) .
`` I like to sniff a place , and reproduce what it really smells and looks like , its color , its particular kind of life '' .
This is an exact description of what Mr. Sansom does .
But no matter what he writes about he brings to his subject his own original mind and his own sensitive reactions .
So in these pages one can share his wonder at the traditional fiesta of St. Torpetius that still persists in St. Tropez ; ;
at the supreme delights to be found in one of the world's finest restaurants , La Bonne Auberge , which is situated on the seacoast twenty miles west of the Nice airport ; ;
Mr. Sansom can be eloquent in a spectacular way which recalls ( to those who recall easily ) the statues of Bernini and the gigantic paintings of Tintoretto .
In one of his best essays Mr. Sansom expresses his enthusiasm for the many country mansions designed by Andrea Palladio himself that dot the environs of Vicenza .
How far that pedimented and pillared style has shed its influence Mr. Sansom reminds us thus :
WBAI , the listener-supported outlet on the frequency-modulation band , has decided to do what it can to correct this aural void .
Unfortunately , `` Poised For Violence '' was not the happiest vehicle with which to make the point .
Mrs. Reavey's work is written for the stage -- it is mentioned for an off-Broadway production in the fall -- and , in addition , employs an avant-garde structure that particularly needs to be seen if comprehension is to be encouraged .
The play's device is to explore society's obsession with disaster and violence through the eyes of a group of artist's models who remain part of someone else's painting rather than just be themselves .
But quite conceivably an altogether different impression will obtain when the work is offered in the theatre and there can be other effects to relieve the burden on the author's words .
Which in itself is an immediate reward of the WBAI experiment ; ;
good radio drama has its own special demands that badly need reinvigoration .
But one wishes , when the appetite is whetted , as it was in the case of the all-too-brief excerpt from the Blomdahl opera , that further opportunity would be provided both for hearing the works in their entirety and for a closer analytical look at the sense and nature of the compositions .
It is not simply giving a repetition of the program it gave during its New York engagement earlier this season , but has brought back many of the numbers that were on the bill when it paid us its first visit and won everybody's heart .
The `` Suite Of Old Russian Dances '' that opened that inaugural program with the slow and modest entrance of the maidens and built steadily into typical Moiseyev vigor and warmth ; ;
the amusing `` Yurochka '' , in which a hard-to-please young man is given his come-uppance ; ;
As autumn starts its annual sweep , few Americans and Canadians realize how fortunate they are in having the world's finest fall coloring .
Their autumn tints are all fairly low keyed compared with the fiery stabs of crimson , gold , purple , bronze , blue and vermilion that flame up in North America .
The shades tend to be a little softer in the forests that blanket so much of Maine .
Michigan , Wisconsin and Minnesota have many superb stretches of color which reach their height from the last few days of September well into October , especially in their northern sections , e.g. , Wisconsin's Vilas County whose Colorama celebration is Sept. 29-Oct. 8 .
The Rockies have many `` Aspencades '' , which are organized tours of the aspen areas with frequent stops at vantage points for viewing the golden panoramas .
Carson McCullers , after a long , painful illness that might have crushed a less-indomitable soul , has come back with an absolute gem of a novel which jumped high on best-seller lists even before official publication .
With an art that almost conceals art , J. D. Salinger can create a fictional world so authentic that it hurts .
The Bayanihan Philippine Dance Company , with music and dances that depict the many facets of Filipino culture , opens its 60-city U.S. tour in San Francisco ( through Sept. 24 ) then , via one-night stands , moves on to Los Angeles ( Sept. 29 thru Oct. 1 ) .
But slowly they take over as Alain Delon ( Life , Sept. 15 ) , playing a sometimes appealing but always criminal boy , casually tells a rich and foot-loose American that he is going to murder him , then does it even while the American is trying to puzzle out how Delon expects to profit from the act .
Maria goes all out as a Druid princess who gets two-timed by a Roman big shot .
Of the nation's eight million pleasure-boat owners a sizable number have learned that late autumn is one of the loveliest seasons to be afloat -- at least in that broad balmy region that lies below America's belt line .
In the Southwest , the fall brings out flotillas of boatsmen who find the summer too hot for comfort .
Newest small-boat playground is the Salton Sea , a once-dry desert sinkhole which is now a salty lake 42 miles long and 235 feet below sea level .
Memphis stinkpotters like McKellar Lake , inside the city limits , and sailors look for autumn winds at Arkabutla Lake where fall racing is now in progress .
Ten thousand twisty miles of shoreline frame the 30-odd lakes in the vast Tennessee River system that loops in and out of seven states .
When dam construction began in 1933 , fewer than 600 boats used these waters ; ;
A year ago it was bruited that the primary character in Erich Maria Remarque's new novel was based on the Marquis Alfonso De Portago , the Spanish nobleman who died driving in the Mille Miglia automobile race of 1957 .
the love-making , perhaps because it is pale and low-key when one has been conditioned to expect harsh colors and explicitness , is often charming ; ;
The book carries a disclaimer in which Remarque says it has been necessary for him to take minor liberties with some of the procedures and formalities of racing .
The necessity is not clear to me , and , in any case , to present a case-hardened race-driver as saying he has left his car , which , or whom , he calls `` Giuseppe '' , parked `` on the Place Vendome sneering at a dozen Bentleys and Rolls-Royces parked around him '' is not a liberty ; ;
But it is in the matter of preoccupation with death , which is the primary concern of the book , that Remarque's failure is plainest .
To be human , he believes , is to seek one's own destruction : the Freudian `` death-wish '' cliche inevitably cited whenever laymen talk about auto race-drivers .
In point of fact , the race-drivers one knows are nearly always intelligent , healthy technicians who differ from other technicians only in the depth of the passion they feel for the work by which they live .
Clerfayt , driving , sees himself `` a volcano whose cone funneled down to hell '' ; ;
However , she really does not know how to match the quantity of dollars given away by a quality of leadership that is basically needed .
But the greater reason for fumbling , stumbling American leadership is due to the shock her pride suffered when the Japanese attacked at Pearl Harbor .
`` They are determined '' , Montgomery writes , `` not to be surprised again , and now insist on a state of readiness for war which is not only unnecessary , but also creates nervousness among other nations in the Western Alliance -- not to mention such great suspicions among the nations of the Eastern bloc that any progress towards peaceful coexistence or disarmament is not possible '' .
To `` Monty '' , the American people , who in two previous world wars were very reluctant to join the fight , `` now look like the nation most likely to lead us all into a third World War '' .
Montgomery calls for a leader who will first put the West's own house in order .
Such a man must be able and willing to give clear and sensible advice to the whole group , a person in whom all the member nations will have absolute confidence .
This leader must be a man who lives above illusions that heretofore have shaped the foreign policy of the United States , namely that Russia will agree to a reunited Germany , that the East German government does not exist , that events in Japan in June 1960 were Communist-inspired , that the true government of China is in Formosa , that Mao was the evil influence behind Khrushchev at the Summit Conference in Paris in May 1960 , and that either China or Russia wants or expects war .
Such a leader must strengthen NATO politically , and establish that true unity about which it has always talked .
After drastically overhauling NATO , Western leadership should turn to reducing the suspicions that tear apart the East and West .
`` But where is the leader who will handle all these things for us '' ? ?
The man whom he would select as our leader for this great task is De Gaulle .
Whoever rises to the occasion walks a treacherous path to leadership .
All in all , Montgomery calls for a leader who will anticipate and dominate the events that surround him .
He believes that greatness is a marriage between the man and the times as was aptly represented by Churchill , who would very possibly have gone down in history as a political failure if it had not been for Hitler's war .
Most of what is said about his great men of history has already been said , and what has not is largely irrelevant to the contemporary scene .
However , at the same time Montgomery selects as his hero De Gaulle , who is a militarist dominated by political ambitions .
But then , Mario Lanza was no common singer , and his whole career , public and non-public , was studded with the kind of unconventional happenings that terminate with the appearance of his first `` recital '' only when he has ceased to be a living voice .
It is a kind of justice , too , that it should originate in London's Royal Albert Hall , where , traditionally , the loudest , if not the greatest , performers have entertained the thousands it will accommodate ( RCA Victor LM 2454 , $4.98 ) .
To be sure , Lanza made numerous concert tours , here and abroad , but these did not take him to New York where the carping critic might lurk .
The Department of Agriculture averaged out U.S. food consumption last year at 1,488 lbs. per person , which , allowing for the 17 million Americans that John Kennedy said go to bed hungry every night , means that certain gluttons on the upper end must somehow down 8 lbs. or more a day .
For the first time in history , the U.S. has produced a society in which less than one-tenth of the people turn out so much food that the Government's most embarrassing problem is how to dispose inconspicuously of 100 million tons of surplus farm produce .
And in the wake of the new affluence and the new techniques of processing comes a new American interest in how what people eat affects their health .
At juice bars in Los Angeles' 35 `` health '' stores , a new sensation is a pink , high-protein cocktail , concocted of dried eggs , powdered milk and cherry-flavored No-Cal , which sells for 59-cents per 8-oz. glass .
Grocery stores sell dozens of foods that boast of having almost no food value at all .
From his birch-paneled office in the Laboratory of Physiological Hygiene , under the university's football stadium in Minneapolis ( `` We get a rumble on every touchdown '' ) , blocky , grey-haired Dr. Keys directs an ambitious , $200,000-a-year experiment on diet , which spans three continents and seven nations and is still growing .
Readings of the number of milligrams of cholesterol in the blood , which seem to have value in predicting heart attacks , are becoming as routine as the electrocardiogram , which can show that the heart has suffered a symptomatic attack .
With meat , milk , butter and ice cream , the calorie-heavy U.S. diet is 40% fat , and most of that is saturated fat -- the insidious kind , says Dr. Keys , that increases blood cholesterol , damages arteries , and leads to coronary disease .
In West Africa , for example , where meat is a luxury and babies must be weaned early to make room at the breast for later arrivals , a childhood menace is kwashiorkor , or `` Red Johnny '' , a growth-stunting protein deficiency ( signs : reddish hair , bloated belly ) that kills more than half its victims , leaves the rest prey for parasites and lingering tropical disease .
The simple mechanical strain of overweight , says New York's Dr. Norman Jolliffe , can overburden and damage the heart `` for much the same reason that a Chevrolet engine in a Cadillac body would wear out sooner than if it were in a body for which it was built '' .
Physiologically , people overeat because what Dr. Jolliffe calls the `` appestat '' is set too high .
The appestat , which adjusts the appetite to keep weight constant , is located , says Jolliffe , in the hypothalamus -- near the body's temperature , sleep and water-balance controls .
Reports Dr. Keys : `` A fairly common experience for us is the wife who finds her husband staying out more and more .
For the army of compulsive eaters -- from the nibblers and the gobblers to the downright gluttons -- reducing is a war with the will that is rarely won .
Keys has no such objections to Metrecal , Quaker Oats's Quota and other 900-calorie milk formulas that are currently winning favor from dieters .
Despite his personal distaste for obesity ( `` disgusting '' ) , Dr. Keys has only an incidental interest in how much Americans eat .
What concerns him much more is the relationship of diet to the nation's No. 1 killer : coronary artery disease , which accounts for more than half of all heart fatalities and kills 500,000 Americans a year -- twice the toll from all varieties of cancer , five times the deaths from automobile accidents .
When thus deposited , Keys says that cholesterol is mainly responsible for the arterial blockages that culminate in heart attacks .
Just what is meant by `` spirit '' and by `` matter '' ? ?
Yet in the contemporary context this is precisely what one must not do .
We are in a transitional stage in which many of the connotations of former usage have had to be revised or rejected .
When the words are used , we are never sure which of the traditional meanings the user may have in mind , or to what extent his revisions and rejections of former understandings correspond to ours .
In it important elements of Christianity and of the Biblical view of reality in general , which now cause us much difficulty , could be responded to quite naturally and spontaneously .
The progress of science over these last few centuries and the gradual replacement of Biblical by scientific categories of reality have to a large extent emptied the spirit world of the entities which previously populated it .
In carrying out this program science has undoubtedly performed a very considerable service for which it can claim due credit .
The objectification of the world of spirit in popular superstition had certainly gone far beyond what the experience of spirit could justify or support .
Science is fully competent to deal with any element of experience which arises from an object in space and time .
When , therefore , it turned its attention to the concrete entities with which popular imagination had peopled the world of spirit , these entities soon lost whatever status they had enjoyed as actual elements of external reality .
There have been , indeed , many important and valuable gains from the development of our present scientific view of the world for which we may be rightly grateful .
Although the particular form of conceptualization which popular imagination had made in response to the experience of spirit was undoubtedly defective , the raw experience itself which led to such excesses remains with us as vividly as ever .
There is no framework or structure of thought with respect to which we can organize it and no part of reality , as we know and apprehend it , with respect to which we can refer this experience .
The situation in which we find ourselves is brought out with dramatic force in Arthur Miller's play The Crucible , which deals with the Salem witch trials .
Aside from a quaint concern with witches and devils which provides the immediate problem in the opening scene , it is a quite normal community .
The conversation of the characters creates an atmosphere suggesting the usual mixture of pleasures , foibles , irritations , and concerns which would characterize the common life of a normal village in any age .
Instead , the audience can sit back at ease and , from the perspective of an enlightened time which no longer believes in such things , enjoy the dead seriousness with which the characters in the play take the witches and devils which are under discussion .
A teenage girl , Abigail Williams , is being sharply questioned by her minister uncle , the Reverend Samuel Parris , about a wild night affair in the woods in which she and some other girls had seemed to have had contact with these evil beings .
For all involved in this discussion the devil is a real entity who can really be confronted in the woods on a dark night , the demon world is populated with real creatures , and witches actually can be seen flying through the air .
As the play unfolds , however , the audience is subtly brought into the grip of an awful evil which grows with ominously gathering power and soon engulfs the community .
It is like a mysterious epidemic which , starting first with Abigail and Parris , spreads inexorably with a dreadfully growing virulence through the whole town until all have been infected by it .
The audience leaves the play under a spell , It is the kind of spell which the exposure to spirit in its living active manifestation always evokes .
If one asks about this play , what it is that comes upon this community and works within it with such terrible power , there is no better answer to give than `` spirit '' .
This is not to attempt to say what spirit is , but only to employ a commonly used word to designate or simply identify a common experience .
In the end the good man , John Proctor , expresses what the audience has already come to feel when he says , `` A fire , a fire is burning ! !
The tragic irony of the play is that the very belief in and concern with a devil who could be met in the woods and combatted with formulae set out in books was the very thing that prevented them from detecting the real devil when he came among them .
Yet are not we of the mid-twentieth century , who rightly do not believe there is any such `` thing '' as the devil , just as bad off as they -- only in a different way ? ?
In our disbelief we think that we can no longer even use the word and so are unable to even name the elemental power which is so vividly real in this play .
We are left helpless to cope with it because we do not dare speak of it as anything real for fear that to do so would imply a commitment to that which has already been discredited and proved false .
In a long commentary which he has inserted in the published text of the first act of the play , he says at one point : `` However , that experience never raised a doubt in his mind as to the reality of the underworld or the existence of Lucifer's many-faced lieutenants .
The concept of unity , in which positive and negative are attributes of the same force , in which good and evil are relative , ever-changing , and always joined to the same phenomenon -- such a concept is still reserved to the physical sciences and to the few who have grasped the history of ideas .
When we see the steady and methodical inculcation into humanity of the idea of man's worthlessness -- until redeemed -- the necessity of the Devil may become evident as a weapon , a weapon designed and used time and time again in every age to whip men into a surrender to a particular church or church-state '' .
Apparently he does not intend that those who read or view this play should think of the devil as being actually real .
Yet such is the dramatic power of his writing that the audience is nevertheless left in the grip of the terrible power and potency of that which came over Salem .
For this does not account for the integral , elemental power of that which grows with abounding vigor as the play unfolds , nor does it explain the strange numinous sense of presentness which comes over those who watch the play like a spell .
Apart from spirit there could be no community , for it is spirit which draws men into community and gives to any community its unity , cohesiveness , and permanence .
Yet it exists and has an objective reality which can be experienced and known .
So it is too with many other spirits which we all know : the spirit of Nazism or Communism , school spirit , the spirit of a street corner gang or a football team , the spirit of Rotary or the Ku Klux Klan .
In searching for clues which might lead us to a fresh apprehension of the reality of spirit , the close connection between spirit and community is likely to prove the most fruitful .
It is spirit which gives life to a community and causes it to cohere .
It is the spirit which is the source of a community's drawing power by means of which others are drawn into it from the world outside so that the community grows and prospers .
Yet the spirit which lives in community is not identical with the community .
It is for them a given which they and they alone possess .
It is they , of course , who keep it alive and preserve it so the same spirit will continue to be present in the Corps for future recruits to find as they come into it .
If the content of faith is to be presented today in a form that can be `` understanded of the people '' -- and this , it must not be forgotten , is one of the goals of the perennial theological task -- there is no other choice but to abandon completely a mythological manner of representation .
When we say that a mythological mode of thought must be completely abandoned , we mean it must be abandoned as the sole or proper means for presenting the Christian understanding of existence .
The statement is often made that when Bultmann argues in this way , he `` overestimates the intellectual stumbling-block which myth is supposed to put in the way of accepting the Christian faith '' .
If Bultmann's own definition of myth is strictly adhered to ( and it is interesting that this is almost never done by those who make such pronouncements ) , the evidence is overwhelming that he does not at all exaggerate the extent to which the mythological concepts of traditional theology have become incredible and irrelevant .
Nor is it necessary to look for such evidence in the great urban centers of our culture that are admittedly almost entirely secularized and so profoundly estranged from the conventional forms in which the gospel has been communicated .
On the contrary , even in the heart of `` the Bible belt '' itself , as can be attested by any one who is called to work there , the industrial and technological revolutions have long been under way , together with the corresponding changes in man's picture of himself and his world .
Although the theological forms of the past continue to exist in a way they do not in a more secularized situation , the striking thing is the rapidity with which they are being reduced to a marginal existence .
Time and again in counseling and teaching , one encounters members of this group whose attempts to bring into some kind of unity the insubstantial mythologies of their `` fundamentalist '' heritage and the stubborn reality of the modern world are only too painfully obvious .
In the absence of a truly adequate conceptuality in which the gospel can be expressed , the unavoidable need to demythologize it makes use of whatever resources are at hand -- and this usually means one or another of the various forms of `` folk religion '' current in the situation .
To be sure , when this is pointed out , a common response among certain churchmen is to fulminate about `` the little flock '' and `` the great crowd '' and to take solace from Paul's castigation of the `` wisdom of the wise '' in the opening chapter of First Corinthians .
Can we continue to alienate precisely those whose gifts we so desperately need and apart from whose co-operation our mission in the world must become increasingly precarious ? ?
There is an ancient and venerable tradition in the church ( which derives , however , from the heritage of the Greeks rather than from the Bible ) that God is completely independent of his creation and so has no need of men for accomplishing his work in the world .
But , as Scripture everywhere reminds us , God does have need of his creatures , and the church , a fortiori , can ill afford to do without the talents with which the world , by God's providence , presents it .
And yet this is exactly the risk we run when we assume , as we too often do , that we can continue to preach the gospel in a form that makes it seem incredible and irrelevant to cultured men .
Until we translate this gospel into a language that enlightened men today can understand , we are depriving ourselves of the very resources on which the continued success of our witness most certainly depends .
and that we firmly believe this will presently become evident when we set forth reasons to justify such a conviction .
This is what we mean when we say this demand must be accepted without condition .
If to be a Christian means to say yes where I otherwise say no , or where I do not have the right to say anything at all , then my only choice is to refuse to be a Christian .
and though this process by no means represents an unambiguous gain and is , in fact , marked by the estrangement from the depths that seems to be the cost of human maturation , it is still a positive step forward ; ;
and those of us who so richly benefit from it should be the last to despise it .
In any event , it is an irreversible step , and if we are at all honest with ourselves , we will know we have no other alternative than to live in the world in which God has seen fit to place us .
We have aligned ourselves with that `` liberal '' tradition in Protestant Christianity that counts among the great names in its history those of Schleiermacher , Ritschl , Herrmann , Harnack , and Troeltsch , and more recently , Schweitzer and the early Barth and , in part at least , Bultmann .
Finally , we may also mention the several members of the self-consciously `` neoliberal '' movement that developed at the University of Chicago and is heavily indebted philosophically to the creative work of Alfred North Whitehead .
What makes this long and diverse tradition essentially one is that those who have belonged to it have been profoundly in earnest about being modern men in a distinctively modern world .
When we say , then , that today , in our situation , the demand for demythologization must be accepted without condition , we are simply saying that at least this much of the liberal tradition is an enduring achievement .
However much we may have to criticize liberal theology's constructive formulations , the theology we ourselves must strive to formulate can only go beyond liberalism , not behind it .
In affirming this we have already taken the decisive step in breaking the deadlock into which Bultmann's attempt to formulate such a theology has led .
It follows , then , provided the possibilities have been exhausted , that the only real alternative is the general viewpoint of the `` left '' , which has been represented on the Continent by Fritz Buri and , to some extent at least , is found in much that is significant in American and English theology .
To do this , it is sufficient to point out that if the principle in terms of which alternatives are to be conceived is such as to exclude more than two , then the question of a `` third '' possibility is a meaningless question .
Thus , if what is at issue is whether `` All S is P '' , it is indifferent whether `` Some S is not P '' or `` No S is P '' , since in either case the judgment in question is false .
Hence , if what is in question is whether in a given theology myth is or is not completely rejected , it is unimportant whether only a little bit of myth or a considerable quantity is accepted ; ;
It will be recalled from the discussion in Section 7 that the position of the `` right '' , as represented by Barth , rests on the following thesis : The only tenable alternative to Bultmann's position is a theology that ( 1 ) rejects or at least qualifies his unconditioned demand for demythologization and existential interpretation ; ;
but my primary aim is to transcribe what Englishmen themselves are saying and writing and implying about the Roman and Anglican Churches and about the present religious state of England .
In any case , I have always been treated with the utmost courtesy by Englishmen , even in Devonshire and Cornwall , where anti-Catholic feeling has supposedly existed the strongest and longest .
A Birmingham newspaper printed in a column for children an article entitled `` The True Story of Guy Fawkes '' , which began :
`` When you pile your `` guy '' on the bonfire tomorrow night , I wonder how much of the true story of Guy Fawkes you will remember ? ?
In spite of the increase in numbers and prestige brought about by the conversions of Newman and other Tractarians of the 1840's and 1850's , the Catholic segment of England one hundred years ago was a very small one ( four per cent , or 800,000 ) which did not enjoy a gracious hearing from the general public .
A Catholic priest recently recounted how in the chapel of a large city university , following Anglican evensong , at which there was a congregation of twelve , he celebrated Mass before more than a hundred .
An amazing article in the Manchester Guardian of last November , entitled `` Fate Of Redundant Churches '' , states than an Archbishops' Commission `` reported last month that in the Church of England alone there are 790 churches which are redundant now , or will be in 20 years' time .
A century ago , Newman saw that liberalism ( what we now might call secularism ) would gradually but definitely make its mark on English Protestantism , and that even high Anglicanism would someday no longer be a `` serviceable breakwater against doctrinal errors more fundamental than its own '' .
`` O Blessed Virgin Mary , Mother of God and our most gentle queen and mother , look down in mercy upon England , thy `` dowry '' , and upon us all who greatly hope and trust in thee .
'' A hymn often to be heard in Catholic churches is `` Faith Of Our Fathers '' , which glories in England's ancient faith that endured persecution , and which proclaims : `` Faith of our Fathers : Mary's prayers Shall win our country back to thee '' .
For example , a writer in a recent number of The Queen hyperbolically states that `` of the myriad imprecations the only one which the English Catholics really resent is the suggestion that they are ' un-English ' '' .
In this connection , it has been observed that the increasing number of Irish Catholics , priests and laity , in England , while certainly seen as good for Catholicism , is nevertheless a source of embarrassment for some of the more nationalistic English Catholics , especially when these Irishmen offer to remind their Christian brethren of this good .
One of the more noteworthy changes that have taken place since the mid-19th century is the situation of Catholics at Oxford and Cambridge Universities .
There were many letters of strong protest against the portrait of the Anglican clergyman , who was indeed portrayed as a man not particularly concerned with religious matters and without really very much to do as clergyman .
There was so much interest shown in this present-day venture that it was continued on B.B.C. , where comments were equally made by an Anglican parson , a Free Church minister and a Catholic priest .
The good feeling which exists between these two important church figures is now well known in England .
Of course , the crowning event that has dramatically upset the traditional pattern of English religious history was the friendly visit paid by Dr. Fisher , then Anglican Archbishop of Canterbury , to the Vatican last December .
Almost daily something is reported which feeds this Catholic hope in England : statistics of the increasing numbers of converts and Irish Catholic immigrants ; ;
news of a Protestant minister in Leamington who has offered to allow a Catholic priest to preach from his pulpit ; ;
But how can one figure symbolize both ? ?
he dare not be a cosmic aeon that swoops to earth for a while but never identifies itself with man's history .
`` Whence , then , comes the substance of the first man ? ?
Irenaeus does not regard Adam and Eve merely as private individuals , but as universal human beings , who were and are all of humanity .
There are some passages in the writings of Irenaeus where the image of God and the similitude are sharply distinguished , so most notably in the statement : `` If the ( Holy ) Spirit is absent from the soul , such a man is indeed of an animal nature ; ;
Thus the image of God is that which makes a man a man and not an oyster ; ;
the similitude of God , by contrast , is that which makes a man a child of God and not merely a rational creature .
`` So that the man should not have thoughts of grandeur , and become lifted up , as if he had no lord , because of the dominion that had been given to him , and the freedom , fall into sin against God his Creator , overstepping his bounds , and take up an attitude of self-conceited arrogance towards God , a law was given him by God , that he might know that he had for lord the lord of all .
but if he did not , he would become mortal , melting into earth , whence his frame had been taken '' .
for she did not obey when as yet she was a virgin .
for as it was Christ , the Word of God , who came to rescue man , so it was disobedience to the word of God in the beginning that brought death into the world , and all our woe .
`` Wherefore also He ( God ) drove him ( man ) out of Paradise , and removed him far from the tree of life , not because He envied him the tree of life , as some venture to assert , but because He pitied him , ( and did not desire ) that he should continue a sinner for ever , nor that the sin which surrounded him should be immortal , and evil interminable and irremediable .
But He set a bound to his ( state of ) sin , by interposing death , and thus causing sin to cease , putting an end to it by the dissolution of the flesh , which should take place in the earth , so that man , ceasing at length to live in sin , and dying to it , might live to God '' .
This idea , which occurs in both Tatian and Cyprian , fits especially well into the scheme of Irenaeus' theology ; ;
for it prepares the way for the passage from life through death to life that is achieved in Christ .
It is borne out also by the absence of any developed theory about how sin passes from one generation to the next .
It becomes most evident in his description of Christ as the second Adam , who does indeed come to destroy sin , but whose work culminates in the achievement of immortality .
They speak of the work of Christ as the bestowal of incorruptibility , which can mean ( though it does not have to mean ) deliverance from time and history .
The embarrassment of these theories over the naturalness of death is an illustration of the thesis that death cannot be only a punishment , for some termination seems necessary in a life that is lived within the natural order of time and change .
If this aspect of death as punishment is not distinguished from the idea of death as natural termination , the conclusion seems inevitable that temporal existence itself is a form of punishment rather than the state into which man is put by the will of the Creator .
This seems to have been the conclusion to which Origen was forced .
Even so , Gannett judiciously argued , the Association could legitimately decide that Parker `` should not be encouraged nor assisted in diffusing his opinions by those who differ from him in regard to their correctness '' .
We today are not entitled to excoriate honest men who believed Parker to be downright pernicious and who barred their pulpits against his demand to poison the minds of their congregations .
One can even argue -- though this is a delicate matter -- that every justification existed for their returning the Public Lecture to the First Church , and so to suppress it , rather than let Parker use it as a sounding board for his propaganda when his turn should come to occupy it .
Grant all this -- still , when modern Unitarianism and the Harvard Divinity School recall with humorous affection the insults Parker lavished upon them , or else argue that after all Parker received the treatment he invited , they betray an uneasy conscience .
Whenever New England liberalism is reminded of the dramatic confrontation of Parker and the fraternity on January 23 , 1843 -- while it may defend the privilege of Chandler Robbins to demand that Parker leave the Association , while it may plead that Dr. N. L. Frothingham had every warrant for stating , `` The difference between Trinitarians and Unitarians is a difference in Christianity ; ;
Happily for posterity , then , the Boston Association did not actually command Parker to leave the room , though it came too close for comfort to what would have been an unforgivable brutality .
All this near tragedy , which to us borders on comedy , enables us to tell the story over and over again , always warming ourselves with a glow of complacency .
It was indeed a near thing , but somehow the inherent decency of New England ( which we inherit ) did triumph .
In both cases the stubborn fact remains : liberalism gave birth to two brilliant apostates , both legitimate offspring of its loins , and when brought to the test , it behaved shabbily .
Suppose they both had ventured into realms which their colleagues thought infidel : is this the way gentlemen settle frank differences of opinion ? ?
Is it after all possible that no matter how the liberals trumpet their confidence in human dignity they are exposed to a contagion of fear more insidious than any conservative has ever to worry about ? ?
Parker insisted upon not resigning , even when the majority wanted him to depart , upon daring the Fellowship to throw him out .
The fact is incontestable : that liberal world of Unitarian Boston was narrow-minded , intellectually sterile , smug , afraid of the logical consequences of its own mild ventures into iconoclasm , and quite prepared to resort to hysterical repressions when its brittle foundations were threatened .
Parker , along with Garrison and Charles Sumner , showed a magnificent moral bravery when facing mobs mobilized in defense of the Mexican War and slavery .
But Parker as the ultra-liberal minister within the pale of a church which had proclaimed itself the repository of liberality poses a different problem , which is not to be resolved by holding him up as the champion of freedom .
It has been endlessly rephrased , but I may here put it thus : at what point do the tolerant find themselves obliged to become intolerant ? ?
And then , as they become aware that they have reached the end of their patience , what do they , to their dismay , learn for the first time about themselves ? ?
The gentle Channing , revered by all Bostonians , orthodox or Unitarian , wrote to a friend in Louisville that among its many virtues Boston did not abound in a tolerant spirit , that the yoke of opinion crushed individuality of judgment and action : `` No city in the world is governed so little by a police , and so much by mutual inspections and what is called public sentiment .
But Theodore Parker , commencing his mission to the world-at-large , disguised as the minister of a `` twenty-eighth Congregational Church '' which bore no resemblance to the Congregational polities descended from the founders ( among which were still the Unitarian churches ) , made explicit from the beginning that the conflict between him and the Hunkerish society was not something which could be evaporated into a genteel difference about clerical decorum .
Because he spoke openly with what Channing had prophesied someone might -- with daring hyperbole -- Parker vindicated Channing's further prophecy that he who committed this infraction of taste would promptly discover how little mercy liberals were disposed to allow to libertarians who appeared to them libertines .
By reminding ourselves of these factors in the situation , we should , I am sure , come to a fresh realization , however painful it be , that the battle between Parker and his neighbors was fought in earnest .
What otherwise could `` the lawyer , doctor , minister , the men of science and letters '' do when told that they had `` become the cherubim and seraphim and the three archangels who stood before the golden throne of the merchant , and continually cried , ' Holy , holy , holy is the Almighty Dollar ' `` ? ?
Nor , when we recollect how sensitive were the emotions of the old Puritan stock in regard to the recent tides of immigration , should we be astonished that their thin lips were compressed into a white line of rage as Parker snarled at them thus : `` Talk about the Catholics voting as the bishop tells ! !
There are a great many bishops who have never had a cross on their bosom , nor a mitre on their head , who appeal not to the authority of the Pope at Rome , but to the Almighty Dollar , a pope much nearer home .
Boston has been controlled by a few capitalists , lawyers and other managers , who told the editors what to say and the preachers what to think '' .
And he took repeated care to let his colleagues know that he intended them : `` Even the Unitarian churches have caught the malaria , and are worse than those who deceived them '' -- which implied that they were very bad indeed .
It was `` Duty '' he said that his parents had given him as a rule -- beyond even the love that suffused his being and the sense of humor with which he was largely supplied -- and it was duty he would perform , though it cost him acute pain and exhausted him by the age of fifty .
We have to tell ourselves that when Parker spoke in this vein , he believed what he said , because he could continue , `` But the truth , which cost me bitter tears to say , I must speak , though it cost other tears hotter than fire '' .
Our endeavor to capture even a faint sense of how strenuous was the fight is muffled by our indifference to the very issue which in the Boston of 1848 seemed to be the central hope of its Christian survival , that of the literal , factual historicity of the miracles as reported in the Four Gospels .
It is idle to ask why we are no longer disturbed if somebody , professing the deepest piety , decides anew that it is of no importance whether or not Christ transformed the water into wine at eleven A.M. on the third of August , A.D. 32 .
We have no answer as to why we are not alarmed .
We have not the leisure , or the patience , or the skill , to comprehend what was working in the mind and heart of a then recent graduate from the Harvard Divinity School who would muster the audacity to contradict his most formidable instructor , the majesterial Andrews Norton , by saying that , while he believed Jesus `` like other religious teachers '' , worked miracles , `` I see not how a miracle proves a doctrine '' .
I have , within the past fifty years , come out of all uncertainty into a faith which is a dominating conviction of the Truth and about which I have not a shadow of doubt .
At one time I became disturbed in the faith in which I had grown up by the apparent inroads being made upon both Old and New Testaments by a `` Higher Criticism '' of the Bible , to refute which I felt the need of a better knowledge of Hebrew and of archaeology , for it seemed to me that to pull out some of the props of our faith was to weaken the entire structure .
Here I took my leave of my learned friends to step out on another path , to which we might give the modern name of Pragmatism , or the thing that works .
So , I put my Bible to the practical test of noting what it says about itself , and then tested it to see how it worked .
I believe , therefore , that we are without exception sinners , by nature alienated from God , and that Jesus Christ , the Son of God , came to earth , the representative Head of a new race , to die upon the cross and pay the penalty of the sin of the world , and that he who thus receives Christ as his personal Saviour is `` born again '' spiritually , with new privileges , appetites , and affections , destined to live and grow in His likeness forever .
To state fully what the Bible means as my daily spiritual food is as intimate and difficult as to formulate the reasons for loving my nearest and dearest relatives and friends .
Again , as faith reveals God my Father and Christ my Saviour , I follow without question where He leads me daily by His Spirit of love , wisdom , power and prayer .
I place His precepts and His leadings above every seeming probability , dismissing cherished convictions and holding the wisdom of man as folly when opposed to Him .
I discern no limits to a faith vested in God and Christ , who is the sum of all wisdom and knowledge , and daring to trust Him even though called to stand alone before the world .
In his heart he had that peace of which the Lord spoke when He said , `` Peace I leave with you , my peace I give unto you : not as the world giveth , give I unto you .
What a joy to realize that we , too , can claim this promise tendered by the Lord during His earthly ministry to a group of men who were very dear to Him .
I praise God for the privilege of being a nurse who has that peace through faith in the Lord Jesus Christ .
How often have I looked to Jesus when entering the sick room , asking for His presence and help in my professional duties as I give my talents not only as the world giveth but as one who loves the Saviour and His creatures .
Looking unto God , the Prophet Isaiah wrote these blessed words almost three thousand years ago : `` Thou wilt keep him in perfect peace , whose mind is stayed on thee : because he trusteth in thee '' .
As only a member of the family can share in the innermost joys of the family , likewise one must belong to the family of God in order to receive the benefits that are promised to those who are His own .
`` God so loved the world , that he gave his only begotten Son , that whosoever believeth in him should not perish , but have everlasting life '' , and `` as many as received him , to them gave He power to become the sons of God , even to them that believe on His name '' .
It is to those who believe on His name and belong to Him that He gives His peace ; ;
not that empty peace the world offers , but a deep , abiding peace which nothing can destroy .
Why not open your heart to the Lord Jesus Christ now , accept Him as your Saviour and let Him fill you with peace that only He can give .
what next ? ?
Our necks are stiff from gazing at the wonders of outer space , which have captured the imagination of the American public .
Over $200,000,000 is paid yearly to the 80,000 full-time fortune-tellers in the United States by fearful mankind who want to `` know '' what the future holds ! !
Unfortunately , in our rush to beat the Russians , we have forgotten these truth-packed words of Jesus Christ : `` What shall it profit a man , if he shall gain the whole world ( that includes outer space ) , and lose his own soul ? ?
Or what shall a man give in exchange for his soul '' ? ?
`` For God so loved the world , that he gave his only begotten Son , that whosoever believeth in Him should not perish , but have everlasting life '' ( John 3 : :
We trust you are not one of the 70,000,000 Americans who do not attend church , but who feel that various forms of recreation are more important than worshipping the God who made our country great .
Pleasure , fame and fortune , drowning your troubles with a drink , and `` living it up '' with the gang are like candy bars when you're hungry : they may ease your hunger temporarily , but they'll never take the place of a satisfying , mouth-watering steak .
Why ? ?
That is why the Bible commands you to `` Taste and see that the Lord is good : blessed ( happy ) is the man that trusteth in Him '' ( Psalm 34 : 8 ) .
`` As many as received Him ( Jesus ) , to them gave He power to become the sons of God , even to them that believe on his name '' .
whom shall I fear ? ?
of whom shall I be afraid '' ? ?
It was a session at which all the youngsters were told to express their fears , to get them out in the open where they could talk about them freely .
Of this number , 50% , or 10 million patients have no diagnosable physical ailments whatever .
Yet they keep running from one physician to another , largely to get a willing ear who will listen to their parade of troubles .
One of the most wholesome things you could schedule in your church would thus be a group confessional where people could admit of their inner tensions '' .
One doctor made a careful survey of his patients and the reasons for their troubles , and he reported that 40% of them worried about things that never happened ; ;
30% of them worried about past happenings which were completely beyond their control ; ;
10% of them worried about their friends , neighbors , and relatives , most of whom were quite capable of taking care of themselves .
Only 8% of the worries had behind them real causes which demanded attention .
Well , most of our fears may be unfounded , but after you discover that fact , you have something else to worry about : Why then do we have these fears ? ?
What is the real cause of them ? ?
What is there about us that makes us so anxious ? ?
We consume tons of aspirin and tranquilizers and sleeping pills in order to get a moment's relief from the tensions that are tearing us apart .
He should have said `` jittery '' , for that's what we are .
Watch people flock to amusement houses , cocktail lounges , and night clubs that advertise continuous entertainment , which means an endless flow of noise and frivolity by paid entertainers who are supposed to perform in those incredible ways which are designed to give men a few hours of dubious relaxation -- watch them and you can tell that many of them are running away from something .
In one of his writings Pascal speaks of this mania for diversion as being a sign of misery and fear which man cannot endure without such opiates .
Does that explain why there is now such a big boom in the bomb shelter business ? ?
We have so many new things to fear in this age of nuclear weapons , dreadful things which are too horrible to contemplate .
Suppose we do get our fears out in the open , what then ? ?
Isn't that where most of them are already -- right out on the front page of our newspapers ? ?
The question is : what are we going to do about them ? ?
Hitler did just that 23 years ago , building up tensions that first led to a Munich and then to a world war .
It is said that fear in human beings produces an odor that provokes animals to attack .
That is a sound position , but it is important that Moscow shall recognize it not merely as the word of a president but as the mind of a free people who are not afraid .
And that's another reason why it is imperative for us these days to conquer our fears , to develop the poise that promotes peace .
In Psalm 27 : 1 you read those beautiful words which you must have in your heart if you are to master the fears that surround you , or to drive them out if they have you in their grip : `` The Lord is my light and my salvation ; ;
whom shall I fear ? ?
of whom shall I be afraid '' ? ?
Read the next two verses : `` When the wicked , even mine enemies and my foes , came upon me to eat up my flesh , they stumbled and fell .
That is almost a perfect description of the predicament in which we find ourselves today , isn't it ? ?
What a terrible thing , that `` wailing wall '' in Berlin ! !
A man with a baby in his arms stood there pleading for his wife who is on the other side with the rest of the family .
A middle aged woman opened a window on the third floor of her house which was behind the wall , she threw out a few belongings and then jumped ; ;
The entrance to a church has been walled up , so that the congregation , most of which is in the western sector , cannot worship God there anymore .
Practically everybody in Berlin has relatives and friends that live in the opposite part of the city .
But the enemy answers them from loudspeakers that pour out Communist propaganda with a generous mixture of terrible profanity .
And nobody knows what comes next .
He must learn to say with true faith what the psalmist said in a similar world : `` The Lord is my light and my salvation ; ;
whom shall I fear ? ?
of whom shall I be afraid '' ? ?
Notice that this man had a threefold conception of God which is the secret of his faith .
The same God who called this world into being when He said : `` Let there be light '' ! !
-- those were His very first creative words -- He began the world with light -- this God still gives light to a world which man has plunged into darkness .
For those who put their trust in Him He still says every day again : `` Let there be light '' ! !
In fact , He came into this world Himself , in the person of His Son , Jesus Christ , who stood here amid the darkness of human sin and said : `` I am the light of the world : he that followeth me shall not walk in darkness , but shall have the light of life '' .
Why should we not have the same faith , and an even greater experience of the light which it gives ? ?
This is the faith that moved the psalmist to add his second conception of God : `` The Lord is my salvation '' .
So why worry about all the others ? ?
The apostle Paul said the same thing in the language and faith of the New Testament : `` He that spared not His own Son , but delivered Him up for us all , how shall He not with Him freely give us all things ? ?
If God be for us , who can be against us ? ?
Who shall separate us from the love of Christ ? ?
This gets down to the heart of our problem , for it reconciles us with God , whom we fear most of all because we have sinned against Him .
When that fear has been removed by faith in Jesus Christ , when we know that He is our Savior , that He has paid our debt with His blood , that He has met the demands of God's justice and thus has turned His wrath away -- when we know that , we have peace with God in our hearts ; ;
Therefore will not we fear , though the earth be removed , and though the mountains be carried into the midst of the sea Come , behold the works of the Lord , what desolations He hath made in the earth .
But , again , we have no real evidence on this from that quarter until the close of the ninth century A.D. , when an Arabic scholar , Tabit Ibn Korra ( 836-901 ) is said to have discussed the magic square of three .
The concept of the Middle Kingdom at peace , strong and united under a forceful ruler , which had been only a longed-for ideal in the time of the Warring States , was finally realized by the establishment of a Chinese Empire under the Ch'in dynasty ( 221-207 B.C. ) .
yet some must have survived , because the old interest in number symbolism , divination , and magic persisted on into the Han dynasty , which succeeded in reuniting China and keeping it together for a longer period ( from 202 B.C. to A.D. 220 ) .
In fact , during the first century B.C. , an extensive literature sprang up devoted to these subjects , finding its typical expression in the so-called `` wei books '' , a number of which were specifically devoted to the Lo Shu and related numerical diagrams , especially in connection with divination .
However , the wei books were also destroyed in a series of Orthodox Confucian purges which culminated in a final proscription in 605 .
After all this destruction of old literature , it should be obvious why we have so little information about the early history and development of the Lo Shu , which was already semisecret anyhow .
Such an analysis speedily reveals why the middle number of the Lo Shu , 5 , was so vitally significant for the Chinese ever since the earliest hints that they had a knowledge of this diagram .
The importance of this 5 can largely be explained by the natural mathematical properties of the middle number and its special relationship to all the rest of the numbers -- quite apart from any numerological considerations , which is to say , any symbolic meaning arbitrarily assigned to it .
If one takes the middle number , 5 , and multiplies it by 3 ( the base number of the magic square of three ) , the result is 15 , which is also the constant sum of all the rows , columns , and two main diagonals .
Then , if the middle number is activated to its greatest potential in terms of this square , through multiplying it by the highest number , 9 ( which is the square of the base number ) , the result is 45 ; ;
and the latter is the total sum of all the numbers in the square , by which all the other numbers are overshadowed and in which they may be said to be absorbed .
it is also their mathematical mean , since it is equal to half the sum of every opposing pair , all of which equal 10 .
The tremendous emphasis on the 5 in the Lo Shu square -- for purely mathematical reasons -- and the fact that this number so neatly symbolized the heart and center of the universe , could well explain why the Old Chinese seem to have so revered the number 5 , and why they put so much stress on the concept of Centrality .
The existing reverence for Centrality must have been still further stimulated toward the close of the second century B.C. , when the Han Emperor Wu Ti ordered the dynastic color changed to yellow -- which symbolized the Center among the traditional Five Directions -- and took 5 as the dynastic number , believing that he would thus place himself , his imperial family , and the nation under the most auspicious influences .
After this time , inscriptions on the Han bronze mirrors , as well as other writings , emphasized the desirability of keeping one's self at the center of the universe , where cosmic forces were strongest .
Later , we shall see what happened when an emperor took this idea too literally .
All this emphasis on Centrality and on the number 5 as a symbolic expression of the Center , which seems to have begun as far back as 400 B.C. , also may conceivably have led to the development of the Five-Elements School and the subsequent efforts to fit everything into numerical categories of five .
but why did the Old Chinese postulate five elements , when the Ancient Near East -- which may have initiated the idea that natural elements exerted influence in human life and activities -- recognized only four ? ?
And why did the Chinese suddenly begin to talk about the Five Directions , when the animals they used as symbols of the directions designated only the usual four ? ?
Scholars made numbered sets of as many things as possible in Nature , or assigned arbitrary numbers to individual things , in a fashion that seems to the modern scientific mind as downright nonsensical , and philosophical ideas based upon all this tended to stifle speculative thought in China for many centuries .
Although the primary mathematical properties of the middle number at the center of the Lo Shu , and the interrelation of all the other numbers to it , might seem enough to account for the deep fascination which the Lo Shu held for the Old Chinese philosophers , this was actually only a beginning of wonders .
but , conversely , one cannot begin to understand the Lo Shu without knowing something about the world view of the Old Chinese , which they felt they saw expressed in it .
The Chinese world view during the Han dynasty , when the Lo Shu seems to have been at the height of its popularity , was based in large part on the teachings of the Yin-Yang and Five-Elements School , which was traditionally founded by Tsou Yen .
According to this doctrine , the universe was ruled by Heaven , T'ien -- as a natural force , or in the personification of a Supreme Sky-god -- governing all things by means of a process called the Tao , which can be roughly interpreted as `` the Order of the Universe '' or `` the Universal Way '' .
and the 9 , Huo-Shan in Anhwei , which was then the South Sacred Mountain .
The same arrangement was used when the Lo Shu was equated with the Nine Provinces ; ;
and whenever the Lo Shu involved directional symbolism , it was oriented in this same fashion .
Few persons who join the Church are insincere .
When they fall by the wayside and fail to achieve Christian stature , it is an indictment of the Church .
The work of Lay Visitation Evangelism is not completed when all of the persons on the Responsibility List have been interviewed .
churches that have a carefully planned program of membership preparation and assimilation often keep 85 to 90 per cent of their new members loyal and active .
There may be problems of conduct or questions of belief which will require his counsel .
Those who join the Church need to be instructed in the faith and the meaning of Christian discipleship before they take the sacred vows .
Ask each member to write a statement on such topics as : `` What Christ Means To Me '' , `` What The Church Means To Me '' , `` Why Join The Church '' , `` The Duties Of Church Members '' , etc. .
There is A growing conviction among pastors and Church leaders that all those who come into the fellowship of the Church need preparatory training , including those coming by transfer of membership .
People appreciate experiences that demand something of them .
Those who transfer their membership are no exception to the rule .
The preparatory class is an introductory face-to-face group in which new members become acquainted with one another .
the total process of evangelism reaches the crescendo when the group of new members stands before the congregation to declare publicly their faith and to be received into the fellowship of the Church .
Arrange a reserved section in the sanctuary where all new members may sit together .
A study of major denominational membership statistics over a twenty-year period revealed the appalling fact that nearly 40 per cent of those who joined the Church were lost to the Church within seven years .
Studies of membership trends , even in some areas where population is expanding , show that numbers of churches have had little net increase , though many new members were received .
Something is wrong when these things happen .
Those who enter the front door of the church intelligently and with Christian dedication will not so easily step through the back door because of lost interest .
When they unite with the Church they must find in this fellowship the satisfaction of their basic spiritual needs or they will never mature into effective Christians .
The Church expects certain things of those who become members .
The statement also points to a classic paradox : The more men turn toward God , who is not only in himself the paradigm of all unity but also the only ground on which human unity can ultimately be established , the more men splinter into groups and set themselves apart from one another .
To be reminded of this we need only glance at the world map and note the extent to which religious divisions have compounded political ones , with a resultant fragmentation of the human race .
The words of Cardinal Newman come forcibly to mind : `` Oh how we hate one another for the love of God '' ! !
For every criterion which defines what something is , at the same time proclaims -- implicitly if not openly -- what that something is not .
Having once committed himself to an ideal which he considers worthwhile , he inevitably creates forms for its expression and institutions for its continuance .
As much as men intrinsically need the unity that is grounded in God , they instrumentally require the institutions that will direct their steps toward him .
What are the pertinent facts affecting such communication at the present juncture of history ? ?
Modern psychology has shown that paralleling `` the authoritarian personality '' is `` the bigoted personality '' in which insecurity , inferiority , suspicion , and distrust combine to provide a target for antagonism so indispensable that it will be manufactured if it does not exist naturally .
To some extent the personal inadequacies that prejudices attempt to compensate for are to be found in all of us .
Interfaith conflicts which spring from psychological deficiencies are the most unfortunate of all , for they have no redeeming features whatsoever .
It is difficult to say what can be done about them except that we must learn to recognize when it is they , rather than pretexts for them , that are causing the trouble , and do everything possible to nurture the healthy personalities that will prevent the development of such deficiencies .
While the personality factors that aggravate interfaith conflict may be perennial , nationalism is more variable .
The specific instance I have in mind is the Afro-Asian version which has gained prominence only in this second half of the twentieth century .
Emerging from the two centuries of colonial domination , the Afro-Asian world is aflame with a nationalism that has undone empires .
Nationalism has abetted not only the repudiation of foreign religions but the revival of native ones , some of which had been lying in slumber for centuries .
The truth is that any revival of traditional and indigenous religion will serve to promote that sense of identity and Volksgeist which these young nations very much need .
Insofar as these nations claim to incarnate traditions and ways of life which constitute ultimate , trans-political justifications for their existence , such people are inevitably led to emphasize the ways in which these traditions and ways are theirs rather than someone else's .
All this works severely against the kind of cross-cultural communication for which Christian missions stand .
It is not unfair to add on the other side that the crude and almost vitriolic approach of certain fundamentalist sects toward the cultures and religions among which they work has contributed measurably to this heightening of anti-Christian sentiment .
Ironically , these are the groups which have doubled or tripled their missionary efforts since World War 2 , , while the more established denominations are barely maintaining pre-war staffs .
Although I have emphasized the barriers which an aroused nationalism has raised against relations between Christians and non-Christians in Asia , the fact is that this development has also widened the gulf between certain Afro-Asian religions themselves .
The modern world has been marked by progressive disaffection with claims to divine sanction for the state , whatever its political form .
Pakistan was created in 1947 expressly as a Muslim state , but when the army took over eleven years later it did so on a wave of mass impatience which was directed in part against the inability of political and religious leaders to think their way through to the meaning of Islam for the modern political situation .
`` What is the point '' , Charles Adams reports the Pakistanis as asking , `` in demanding an Islamic state and society if no one , not even the doctors of the sacred law themselves , can say clearly and succinctly what the nature of such a state and society is '' ? ?
During the years when Israel was passing from crisis to crisis -- the Sinai campaign , the infusion of multitudes of penniless immigrants -- it was felt that the purpose of national unity could be best served if the secular majority were to yield to the religious parties .
My father went as a missionary to China in a generation that responded to Student Volunteer Movement speakers who held watches in their hands and announced to the students in their audiences how many Chinese souls were going to hell each second because these students were not over there saving them .
That mention of this should bring smiles to our lips today is as clear an indication as we could wish of the extent to which attitudes have changed .
Leslie Newbiggin reflects the dominant position within the World Council of Churches when he says , `` We must claim absoluteness and finality for Christ and His finished work , but that very claim forbids us to claim absoluteness and finality for our understanding of it '' .
In mentioning this under `` salvation reconsidered '' I do not mean to imply that Roman Catholic doctrine has changed in this area but rather that it has become clearer to the world community what that doctrine is .
When they say that under no circumstances would it ever be right to `` permit '' the termination of the human race by human action , because there could not possibly be any proportionate grave reason to justify such a thing , they know exactly what they mean .
I mean , however , that the moral theologian knows what he means by `` permit '' .
He is talking about an action which just as efficaciously does an evil thing ( and is known certainly and unavoidably to lead to this evil result ) as it efficaciously does some good .
He is talking about double effects , of which the specific action causes directly the one and indirectly the other , but causes both ; ;
of which one is deliberately willed or intended and the other not intended or not directly intended , but still both are done , while the evil effect is , with equal consciousness on the part of the agent , foreknown to be among the consequences .
This is what , in a technical sense , to `` only permit '' an evil result means .
Of course , grave guiltiness may be imputed to the military action of any nation , or to the action of any leader or leaders , which for any supposed good `` permits '' , in this sense , the termination of the human race by human action .
Certainly , in analyzing an action which truly faced such alternatives , `` it is never possible that no world would be preferable to some worlds , and there are in truth no circumstances in which the destruction of human life presents itself as a reasonable alternative '' .
Naturally , where one or the other of the effects of an action is uncertain , this has to be taken into account .
Especially is this true when , because the good effect is remote and speculative while the evil is certain and grave , the action is prohibited .
Presumably , if the reverse is the case and the good effect is more certain than the evil result that may be forthcoming , not only must the good and the evil be prudentially weighed and found proportionate , but also calculation of the probabilities and of the degree of certainty or uncertainty in the good or evil effect must be taken into account .
If an evil which is certain and extensive and immediate may rarely be compensated for by a problematic , speculative , future good , by the same token not every present , certain , and immediate good ( or lesser evil ) that may have to be done will be outweighed by a problematic , speculative , and future evil .
He does what he can and may and must , without regarding himself as lord of the future or , on the other hand , as covered with guilt by accident or unforeseen consequences or by results he did not `` permit '' in the sense explained .
and by deriving legitimate decision backward from whatever may conceivably or possibly or probably result , whether by anyone's doing or by accident , it finds itself driven to inaction , to non-political action in politics and non-military action in military affairs , and to the not very surprising discovery that there are now no distinctions on which the defense of justice can possibly be based .
Against such a termination of human life on earth by human action , he then proposes as an alternative that we `` negotiate at once with the Russians and get the best terms which are available '' , that we deliberately `` negotiate from comparative weakness '' .
This would be by far the better choice , when `` it is a question of allowing the human race to survive , possibly under the domination of a regime which most of us detest , or of allowing it to destroy itself in appalling and prolonged anguish '' .
Nevertheless , the consequence of the policy proposed is everywhere subtly qualified : it is `` a possible result , however improbable '' ; ;
for `` surely anything is better than a policy which allows for the possibility of nuclear war '' .
If we have not thought and made a decision entirely in these terms , then we need to submit ourselves to the following `` simple test '' : `` Have we decided how we are to kill the other members of our household in the event of our being less injured than they are '' ? ?
Several of the replies to Mr. Toynbee , without conscious resort to the traditional terminology with regard to the permission of evil , succeed in restoring the actual context in which present moral and political decisions must be made , by distinguishing between choosing a great evil and choosing in danger of this evil .
) `` Quoting Mr. Kennan's phrase that anything would be better than a policy which led inevitably to nuclear war , he ( Toynbee ) says that anything is better than a policy which allows for the possibility of nuclear war '' .
Let us therefore put first things first , and make sure of preserving the human race at whatever the temporary price may be '' .
But one does not have to affirm the existence of an evil order irredeemable in that sense , or a static order in which no changes will take place in time , to be able truthfully to affirm the following fact : there has never been justitia imprinted in social institutions and social relationships except in the context of some pax-ordo preserved by clothed or naked force .
Not to repel injury and uphold and improve pax-ordo means not simply to accept the misshapen order and injustice that challenges it at the moment , but also to start down the steep slope along which justice can find no place whereon to stand .
It is a proposal that justice now be served by means other than those that have ever preconditioned the search for it , or preconditioned more positive means for attaining it , in the past .
This is to surrender in advance to whatever attack may yet be mounted , to the very last ; ;
That is why it is so very important that ethical analysis keep clear the problem of decision as to `` permitted '' effects , and not draw back in fright from any conceivable contingency or suffer paralysis of action before possibilities or probabilities unrelated , or not directly morally related , to what we can and may and must do as long as human history endures .
Finally , just as no different issues are posed for thoughtful analysis by the foreshortening of time that may yet pass before the end of human life on this earth , but only stimulation and alarm to the imagination , the same thing must be said in connection with the question of what we may perhaps already be doing , by human action , to accelerate this end .
We should not allow the image of an immanent end brought about indirectly by our own action in the continuing human struggle for a just endurable order of existence to blind us to the fact that in some measure accelerating the end of our lease may be one consequence among others of many other of mankind's thrusts toward we know not what future .
How does the local realtor see himself in the context of housing restrictions based on race , religion or ethnic attachment ? ?
What does he conceive his role to be in this area of social unrest ? ?
What ought to be , what is his potential role as a force for constructive social change ? ?
What social , ethical and theological insights can the church and university help him bring to bear upon his situation ? ?
How explicit such factors have been historically is evident in any chronology of restrictive covenant cases or in a review of NAREB's Code of Ethics Article 34 in the Code , adopted in 1924 , states that `` a Realtor should never be instrumental in introducing into a neighborhood a character of property or occupancy , members of any race or nationality or any individuals whose presence will clearly be detrimental to property values in that neighborhood '' .
all feared the supposed stigma they believed would inevitably attach to any realtor who openly introduced non-white , particularly Negro , peoples into all-white , restricted areas .
Obviously what we are confronted with here is the identification of `` professional '' with narrow skills and specialization , the effective servicing of a client , rather than responsiveness to the wider and deeper meaning and associations of one's work .
These men -- for the most part educated in our `` best '' New England colleges , well established financially and socially in the community -- under kindly but insistent probing , reveal little or no objective or explicit criteria or data for their generalizations about the interests and attitudes of the people they claim to serve , or about the public responses that actually follow their occasional breach of a `` client-service relationship '' .
From such communal roles the realtor finds the substance that shapes his moral understanding .
It seems to us that choices exercised by realtors in moral situations center in at least three areas : ( 1 ) the various ways in which they interpret a particular social issue ; ;
and , most pervasively , ( 3 ) their interpretation of who is a `` real pro '' , of what it means to be a professional man in a technical , fragmented society .
Like business and university groups generally , these men had very limited knowledge of recent sociological and psychological studies and findings that might illumine the decisions they make .
Recent studies by the Commission on Race and Housing and others , however , point to a vast complex of factors that often do not warrant this conclusion .
There are increasing numbers of neighborhoods that are integrated residentially without great loss of property values , the white population having taken the initiative in preparing the areas for an appreciation of the Negroes' desire for well-kept housing , privacy , etc. .
Significantly , no realtor and few of the faculty present were familiar with any of the six volumes ( published by the University of California Press ) that present the commission's findings .
No one anticipates any radical shift in this situation , but questions concerning reading habits , the availability of such data and the places where it is discussed must surely be raised .
The role of both church and university as sources of information and settings within which the implications of such information may be explored needs consideration .
( 2 ) Realtors realize , of course , that they are involved in an increasingly complex legal and political system that is opening up opportunities for leverage on their relation to clients as well as opportunities for evasion of their responsibility for racial discrimination in housing .
Realtors in attendance at the colloquium expressed interest , for example , in Connecticut's new housing law as setting standards of equity that they would like `` to have to obey '' , but in support of which none had been willing to go on public record .
the attitude adopted by realtors and their associations , either negative or positive , plays a large part in the public acceptance of such measures and the degree to which they may be effectively enforced .
In the states that have passed laws preventing discrimination in the sale or rental of housing , support by real estate associations for compliance and broadened coverage through additional legislation could help remove the label of `` social reformism '' that most realtors individually seem determined to avoid .
Such judgments are meaningful only in so far as persons are members of a world , let us say a community , that embraces Scarsdale or Yonkers , but is also infinitely richer since it is all-inclusive .
But what significance attaches to `` professional '' , beyond the narrow sense of skillfulness in meeting a client's stated needs as already noted ? ?
As a theologian in the group pointed out , a professional was , before the modern period of technical specialization , one who `` professed '' to be a bearer and critic of his culture in the use of his particular skills .
How can we have the wisdom to meet such a new and difficult challenge ? ?
And yet there is a note of hope , because this same science that is giving us the power of the atom is also giving us atomic vision .
We are looking inside the atom and seeing there a universe which is not material but something beyond the material , a universe that in a word is not matter but music .
You know that I could hold right here in my hand the little chunk of uranium metal that was the heart of the bomb that dropped on Hiroshima .
But we had hardly started to adjust our thinking to this new uranium weapon when we were faced with the hydrogen bomb .
I have calculated that if I could snap my fingers in one magic gesture to release the power of all the hydrogen in my body , I would explode with the force of a hundred bombs of the kind that fell on Hiroshima .
And then think how little hydrogen we have in us compared with the hydrogen in Delaware Bay or in the ocean beyond .
And think , if we all knew this secret and we could pool our power , what a wonderful public utility company we would make .
It is power with which we can literally rebuild the world , provide adequate housing , food , education , abundant living for everyone everywhere .
Now let us see where this power comes from .
To grasp our new view of the atom , we have to appreciate first of all how small the atom is .
and I asked myself a question : Suppose I had the same number of peas as there are atoms in my body , how large an area would they cover ? ?
You can imagine what it would look like going out on the turnpike with the peas banked up against the houses and covering the cars ; ;
So you see how small an atom is and how complicated you are .
These balls are moving in great circles and ellipses , and are of course , the electrons , the particles of negative electricity which by their action create the forces that tie this atom of calcium to the neighboring atoms of oxygen and make up the solid structure of my finger bone .
It is this atomic nucleus that contains the positive charge of electricity holding these negatively charged electrons in their orbits ; ;
You may ask what else there is , and the answer is nothing -- nothing but empty space .
If I could put your body in an imaginary atomic press and squeeze you down , squeeze these holes out of you in the way we squeeze the holes out of a sponge , you would get smaller and smaller until finally when the last hole was gone , you would be smaller than the smallest speck of dust that you could see on this piece of paper .
At any rate , it shows us how immaterial we are .
And this would mean that we live in a mechanistic universe , governed by the laws of cause and effect , bound in chains of determinism that hold the universe on a completely predetermined course in which there is not room for soul or spirit or human freedom .
And this is why so many scientists a half a century ago were agnostics or atheists .
Now as you step inside , instead of seeing particles orbiting around like planets , you see waves and ripples very much like the ripples that you get on the surface of a pond when you drop a stone into it .
And so today when we examine the structure of our knowledge of the atom and of the universe , we are forced to conclude that the best word to describe our universe is music .
During about three and a half months of the year , in the summer , there are three boats that run from the mainland to the Island carrying passengers , food , and cars ; ;
but the rest of the year only one boat is needed , which ties up at the mainland nights and makes the trip down to Nantucket in the daytime .
To what extent and in what ways did Christianity affect the United States of America in the nineteenth century ? ?
How far and in what fashion did it modify the new nation which was emerging in the midst of the forces shaping the revolutionary age ? ?
To what extent did it mould the morals and the social , economic , and political life and institutions of the country ? ?
A complete picture is impossible -- partly because of the limitations of space , partly because for millions of individuals who professed allegiance to the Christian faith data are unobtainable .
Although a complete picture cannot be given , we can indicate some aspects of life into which the Christian faith entered as at least one creative factor .
What in some ways was the most important aspect was the impact individually on the millions who constituted the nation .
Presumably those who did not have a formal church connexion had also felt the influence of Christianity to a greater or lesser extent .
The form of Christianity to which they were exposed was for some the Protestantism of the older stock , for others the Protestantism of the nineteenth-century immigration ; ;
Upon most of these Christianity had left an impress and through them had had a share in making the individual what he was .
Yet to determine precisely to what extent and exactly in what ways any individual showed the effects of Christianity would be impossible .
We know that in the early part of the century many Protestant congregations took positive action against members who transgressed the ethical codes to which the majority subscribed .
What we can attempt with some hope of dependable conclusions is to point out the manner in which Christianity entered into particular aspects of the life of the nation .
We have already hinted at the fashion in which Christianity contributed to education and so to intellectual life .
We will now speak of the ways in which it helped shape the ideals of the country and of the manner in which it stimulated efforts to attain those ideals through reform movements , through programmes for bringing the collective life to the nation to conformity to Christian standards , and through leaders in the government .
With its zeal for liberty and its dependence on God it breathed the spirit which had been nourished on the Evangelical revivals .
Here was what was called the American dream , namely , the effort to build a structure which would be something new in history and to do so in such fashion that God could bless it .
Later in the century the dream again found expression in the lines of Katherine Lee Bates ( 1859-1929 ) , daughter and granddaughter of New England Congregational ministers , in her widely sung hymn , written in 1893 , `` America The Beautiful '' , with the words `` O beautiful for pilgrim feet whose stern impassioned stress a thoroughfare for freedom beat across the wilderness .
O beautiful for patriot dream that sees beyond the years thine alabaster cities gleam undimmed by human tears .
Some were clearly of Christian origin , among them the Great Awakening and other revivals which helped to make Christian liberty , Christian equality , and Christian fraternity the passion of the land .
We must also remember those who reacted against the dream as a kind of myth -- among them Melville , Hawthorne , and Henry James the elder , all of them out of a Christian background .
We should recall the number of movements for the service of mankind which arose from the kindred Evangelicalism of the British Isles and the Pietism of the Continent of Europe -- among them prison reform , anti-slavery measures , legislation for the alleviation of conditions of labour , the Inner Mission , and the Red Cross .
A few of the more prominent must serve as examples of what a complete listing and description would disclose .
Still others sprang up late in the century to meet conditions which arose from fresh stages of the revolutionary age .
For example , in 1693 the Philadelphia Yearly Meeting of Friends declared that its members should emancipate their slaves and in 1776 it determined to exclude from membership all who did not comply .
In the latter year Samuel Hopkins , from whom the Hopkinsian strain of New England theology took its name , asked the Continental Congress to abolish slavery .
The nineteenth-century immigration , whether Protestant or Roman Catholic , was not so much concerned , for very few if any among them held slaves : they were mostly in the Northern states where slavery had disappeared or was on the way out , or were too poverty-stricken to own slaves .
It was he who turned the attention of William Lloyd Garrison ( 1805-1879 ) to the subject .
Incurably optimistic , dogmatic , and utterly fearless , in his youth a devout Baptist , in spite of his friendship for the Quaker poet John Greenleaf Whittier ( 1807-1892 ) he eventually attacked the orthodox churches for what he deemed their cowardly compromising on the slavery issue and in his invariably ardent manner was emphatically unorthodox and denied the plenary inspiration of the Bible .
Weld contributed to the anti-slavery convictions of such men as Joshua R. Giddings and Edwin M. Stanton , enlisted John Quincy Adams , and helped provide ideas which underlay Harriet Beecher Stowe's Uncle Tom's Cabin .
but naturally , the royal ritual , which provided unusual control over already supremely powerful divine spirits , was held responsible for regulating the universe and insuring the welfare of the kingdom .
He regulated the dualities of light and darkness , Yang and Yin , which are locked in eternal struggle .
The common belief was that there existed one moral order , which included everything .
The Taoists were Quietist mystics , who saw an unchanging unity -- the Tao -- underlying all phenomena .
It was this timeless unity that was all-important , and not its temporary manifestations in the world of reality .
During its flowering in the sixth to the eighth centuries , Mahayana offered a supernatural package to the Chinese which bears no resemblance to the highly digested philosophical Zen morsels offered to the modern Western reader .
Mahayana had gods , and magic , a pantheon , heavens and hells , and gorgeously appareled priests , monks , and nuns , all of whom wielded power over souls in the other world .
The Mahayana that developed in the north was a religion of idolatry and coarse magic , that made the world into a huge magical garden .
In its monastic form , Mahayana was merely an organization of magic-practicing monks ( bonzes ) , who catered to the Chinese faith in the supernatural .
This , in brief , was the historical background out of which Zen emerged .
But the `` marvelous person '' that is supposed to result from Zen exhibits more Chinese practicality than Indian speculation -- he possesses magical powers , and can use them to order nature and to redeem souls .
But this is not the spirit of self-reliant freedom of action for which the Westerner mistakes it .
It is simply that in Taoist tradition -- as in all good mysticisms -- books , words , or any other manifestations that belong to the normal state of consciousness are considered only the surface of experience .
And this is only natural -- witness the haste with which modern man gobbles the latest `` wonder drug '' .
Early Chinese anchoritism was theoretically aimed at a mystic pantheist union with the divine , personal salvation being achieved when the mystical recluse united with divine essence .
But actually these accounts reveal the supernatural powers that the masters were in fact supposed to possess , as well as the extreme degree of popular credulity : `` Hwang Pah ( O Baku ) , one day going up Mount Tien Tai which was believed to have been inhabited by Arhats with supernatural powers , met with a monk whose eyes emitted strange light .
When that monk came down and approached him with a respectful salutation , he asked : `` Where art thou from '' ? ?
`` Why '' , said the teacher , `` art thou so late '' ? ?
In the popular Chinese mind , Ch'an ( Zen ) was no exception to the ideas of coarse magic that dominated .
A closer look at modern Zen reveals many magical carryovers that are still part of popular Zen attitudes .
To the Zen monk the universe is still populated with `` spiritual beings '' who have to be appeased .
Pope Leo 13 , on the 13th day of December 1898 , granted the following indulgences : `` An indulgence of three hundred days is granted to all the Faithful who read the Holy Gospels at least a quarter of an hour .
Pope Pius the Sixth , at Rome , in April , 1778 , wrote the following : `` The faithful should be excited to the reading of the Holy Scriptures : For these are the most abundant sources which ought to be left open to everyone , to draw from them purity of morals and of doctrine , to eradicate errors which are so widely disseminated in these corrupt times '' .
But as the One who called you is holy , be you also holy in all your behavior ; ;
Holiness without which no man will see God .
there is none who understands ; ;
there is none who seeks after God .
You also , when you were dead by reason of your offenses and sins .
And if our gospel also is veiled , it is veiled only to those who are perishing .
In their case , the god of this world ( Satan ) has blinded their unbelieving minds , that they should not see the light of the gospel of the glory of Christ , who is the image of God .
That which is born of the flesh is flesh ; ;
and that which is born of the Spirit is spirit .
Everyone who believes that Jesus is the Christ is born of God .
Whoever is born of God does not commit sin ( That is , he does not practice sin .
We know that no one who is born of God commits sin .
If you know that he ( God ) is just ( righteous ) , know that everyone also who does what is just ( righteous ) has been born of him .
Everyone who loves is born of God , and knows God .
He who does not love abides in death .
All that is born of God overcomes the world ; ;
and this is the victory that overcomes the world , our faith .
I am convinced of this , that he who has begun a good work in you will bring it to perfection until the day of Christ Jesus .
Now to him who is able to preserve you without sin and to set you before the presence of his glory , without blemish , in gladness , to the only God our Savior , through Jesus Christ our Lord , belong glory and majesty , dominion and authority , before all time , and now , and forever .
That which is born of the flesh is flesh ; ;
and that which is born of the Spirit is spirit .
He who has the Son has the life .
He who has not the Son has not the life .
He who believes in the Son ( Jesus Christ , the Son of God ) , has everlasting life .
Through which he has granted us the very great and precious promises , so that through them you may become partaker of the divine nature .
It is now no longer I that live , but Christ lives in me .
And the life that I now live in the flesh , I live in the faith of the Son of God , who loved me and gave himself up for me .
The wind blows where it will , and thou hearest its sound but dost not know where it comes from or where it goes .
So is everyone who is born of the Spirit .
Amen , amen , I say to you , he who hears my word , and believes him who sent me , has life everlasting , and does not come to judgment , but has passed from death to life .
to those who believe in his name : Who were born not of blood , nor of the will of the flesh , nor of the will of man , but of God .
Our blessed Lord Jesus Christ , the sinless Son of God , who could not lie , said , `` Amen , amen , I say to thee , unless a man be born again , he cannot see the kingdom of God '' ( St. John 3 : 3 ) .
God placed Himself in men's hands when He sent Jesus Christ into the world as perfect God and perfect Man in one Being .
God has already set the day when you will be in His hands .
What He does with you then depends on what you do with Him now .
When I came into being , 15 years ago , I had one primary purpose : to help men and women everywhere to know God better , and through knowing Him better to become happier and more effective people .
When you read me , you are holding in your hands the product of many minds and hearts .
Some of the people who speak through my pages are famous ; ;
Some are so filled with gratitude , for the gift of life and the love of God , that their joy spills out on the paper and brightens the lives of thousands whom they have never known , and will never see .
They do not understand how a small magazine with no advertising and no newsstand sale could have achieved such a following .
What is this something ? ?
It is the force in the universe that makes men love goodness , even when they turn away from it .
It is the power that holds the stars in their orbits , but allows the wind to bend a blade of grass .
It is the whisper in the heart that urges each one to be better than he is .
Fifteen years ago , troubled by the rising tide of materialism in the post-war world , a businessman and a minister asked themselves if there might not be a place for a small magazine in which men and women , regardless of creed or color , could set forth boldly their religious convictions and bear witness to the power of faith to solve the endless problems of living .
They borrowed a typewriter , raised about $2,000 in contributions , hired a secretary , persuaded a couple of young men to join them for almost no pay and began mailing out a collection of unstapled leaflets that they called Guideposts .
The people who told the stories were sincere .
For example , early in my life , when one of my editorial workers wanted to find out how churches and philanthropic organizations met the needs of New York's down-and-outers , he didn't just ask questions .
Many of you are familiar , I'm sure , with the story of my early struggles : the fire in January , 1947 , that destroyed everything -- even our precious list of subscribers .
The help and sympathy that were forthcoming from everywhere .
The crisis later on when debts seemed about to overwhelm me .
That was when a remarkable woman , Teresa Durlach , came to my aid -- not so much with money , as with wisdom and courage .
What do you want -- a hundred thousand subscribers ? ?
They say all personnel have spiritual needs which Guideposts helps to meet .
They say it helps them bring back into schools the spiritual and moral values on which this country was built .
Throughout these exciting years I have been fortunate for , although I have never offered great financial inducements , talent has found its way to me : William Boal who so ably organizes business operations ; ;
John Beach who guides circulation ; ;
Irving Granville and Nelson Rector who travel widely calling on business firms .
Catherine Marshall LeSourd , the insight that has made her books world-famous and Norm Mullendore , the keen perception of an advertising executive .
There are people who travel long distances to assure my continued existence .
Rose Weiss , who handles all the prayer-requests that we receive , answering each letter personally , has the serene selflessness that comes from suffering : she has had many major operations , and now gets about in a limited way on braces and crutches .
But , you see , those who are not mentioned will not resent it .
And there is also something intangible that hovers around the table .
It takes many forms , this prayer , but in essence it is always a request for guidance , for open minds and gentle hearts , for honesty and sincerity , for the wisdom and the insights that will help Guideposts' readers .
For you , readers , are an all-important part of the spiritual experiment that is Guideposts .
Havana was filled with an excitement which you could see in the brightness of men's eyes and hear in the pitch of their voices .
Rumors flew from lip to lip that Fidel Castro was on his way to Havana , coming from the mountains where he had fought Batista for five years .
Already the city was filled with Barbudos , the bearded , war-dirty Revolutionaries , carrying carbines , waving to the crowds that lined the Prado .
When it was my turn , I , too , printed the truth as I knew it about Batista , and rejoiced to see his regime topple .
Within a week , however , I began to suspect that something was wrong .
He showed us how he dealt with his enemies : he executed them before TV cameras .
On home sets children were watching the death throes of men who were shot before the paredon , the firing wall .
He had promised cheaper housing : arbitrarily he cut all rents in half , whether the landlord was a millionaire speculator or a widow whose only income was the rental of a spare room .
What should I do about it , I asked myself ? ?
What should I do ? ?
I was proud of the new buildings which housed Diario now : the rotogravures , gleaming behind glass doors ; ;
It was a simple ivory crucifix which my mother had given me .
whaddya gonna do with all those muscles ( of which he has none at the time ) '' ? ?
Therefore it's a genuine pleasure to tell you about an entirely happy bodybuilder who has never had to train in secret has never heard one unkind word from his parents and never has been taunted by his schoolmates ! !
And they couldn't have entrusted Henri to better hands because `` le professeur '' knows his muscles from the sterno-cleido mastoideus of the neck right down to the tibialis anticus of the leg and better still , he knows just what exercises work best for them and what Weider principles to combine them with for fast , fast muscle growth .
That's because the good professor teaches only Weider methods at his famous Montreal Health Studio which is located at 1821 Mt. Royal East in Montreal .
There's Gaetan D'Amours who is our newest Mr. Canada ; ;
Jean-Paul Senesac , whose story appeared here two issues ago ; ;
Jack Boissoneault , who was with us last month ; ;
Charles Harve , who recently won the `` Most Muscular Man '' subdivision award in the Mr. Canada event ; ;
Now when Henri was just 12 he was only 4' 10'' '' tall and weighed an astounding 72 pounds , and his greatest desire was to pack on some weight .
Seeing so many illustrations and reading so many testimonials to the value of Quick-Wate and Super-Protein , those two wonder-working Weider food supplements , he decided to try them and see what they could do for him .
That's when he went to Professor Claude .
And at once Claude saw what the trouble was and he knew just how to correct it .
Mr. Claude is a specialist in torso development and he has long favored the now-famous Weider Push-Pull Super-Set technique in which one exercise of the Super-Set is a pressing or `` pushing '' movement which accents one sector of a muscle group in a specific way , followed by a `` pulling '' exercise which works the opposing sector of the same muscle group .
So right away Claude introduced Henri to his famous `` moon '' bench and proceeded to teach him his first Push-Pull Super-Set consisting of the wide-grip Straight-Arm Pullover ( the `` pull '' part of the Push-Pull Super-Set ) which dramatically widens the ribcage and strongly affects the muscles of the upper back and chest and the collar-to-collar Bench Press which specifically works on the chest to build those wide , Reeves-type `` gladiator '' pecs , while stimulating the upper lats and frontal deltoids .
Now when Henri has completed four complete Push-Pull Super-Sets No. 1 , the professor allows him about a five-minute rest period before starting him on four complete Push-Pull Super-Sets No. 2 .
( Note how strongly the upper lats and serratus are worked in this fine exercise because of the pin-point concentration of force which the dumbbell variation affords ) .
This is true only if a very wide grip is used and only when the greatest possible stretch is achieved .
You'll know when you've made the greatest stretch because your shoulder blades will touch ! !
As you see , the professor has designed a piece of apparatus that forces the bodybuilder to use a w-i-d-e grip .
This is the kind of chest that invariably wins contests ; ;
So with four complete Push-Pull Super-Sets No. 1 , four of No. 2 , four of No. 3 and four to six sets of the Incline Bench Press , you can see that Henri De Courcy has had a terrific mass-building , muscle-shaping , torso-defining workout that cannot be improved upon .
The aspects of physical development that catch the judges' eyes and which rightfully influence their decisions are symmetry and that hallmark of the true champion -- superior definition of the muscles .
Now good definition is one thing that all of us can acquire with occasional high-set , high-rep , light-weight workouts .
But contest definition -- that dramatic muscular separation of every muscle group that seems as though it must have been carved by a sculptor's chisel -- is something quite different .
This comes not alone from high-set , high-rep training , but from certain definition-specialization exercises which the champion selects for himself with the knowledge of exactly what works best for him .
Only when the newest Mr. America or Mr. Universe discovers them and puts them into practice are we reacquainted with them and once again see how effective they really are .
Why it was ever forgotten for even a moment I cannot say because it works perfectly for everyone , no matter whether he has short or long thigh-bone lengths ! !
It is the one exercise that drastically influences the definition of the thighs at the hipline -- that mark of the champion that sets him apart from all other bodybuilders ; ;
a criterion of muscle `` drama '' that is unforgettable to judges and audiences alike ; ;
the facet of muscular development that wins prizes .
Definition of the thighs at the uppermost part is quite commonly seen in most championship Olympic lifters which is easily understandable .
Used in several sets of high reps once or twice each week it will not be long before your entire upper leg takes on a razor-sharp definition in which the muscles look like wire cables writhing and twisting under the skin ! !
Really there is no reason why this fine exercise should not find its way into your leg program at all times , for the following suggestions show why it is so effective : 1 .
Place your Power Stands in position and adjust their height so that this will correspond to the height of your shoulders when you are in a deep leg split as for a heavy Clean .
grasp the bar ( which will rest against the back of your neck ) ; ;
When the front knee is straight and locked , allow it to bend again until you feel the bar come lightly into contact with the sides of the Power Stands .
You should have a couple of training partners to stand by when you make your first experiments just for safety .
Although I suggested that you hold the bar at the back of the neck there's no reason why you shouldn't make some experiments with the bar held in front of the neck .
I sought out the gardener and asked him what he did to produce such beauties in that weather .
Occasionally , when he had an unusual flower that he wanted more of he did ; ;
It's best to buy them fresh from a dealer who is working to improve them .
I fingered it and had the feeling of adequacy that comes with the right texture , tilth and body .
It isn't easy to describe it , but every gardener knows it when his fingers touch such soil .
It doesn't really matter which month of the year you sow them , but they germinate best when they have a wide variation of temperature , very warm followed by cool in the same 24 hours .
When the first sprinkling of green appears I remove the board .
When they have 4 to 6 leaves and are thrifty little plants , it's time to set them out where they are to remain .
As soon as they are large enough to move , I put mine 9 inches apart where they are to bloom .
One year I simply set the plants in the remains of a compost pile , to which a little sand had been added , and I had the most beautiful pansies in my , or any of my neighbors' experience .
When winter comes be ready with additional mulch .
That keeps in the cold , retains moisture and prevents the heaving of alternate freezing and thawing .
Don't miss the pansies that appear from time to time through the winter .
Whenever there is a thaw or a few sunny days , you'll be likely to find a brave little blossom or two .
If those aren't enough for you , why not grow some just for winter blooming ? ?
Try that late winter pickup when you are so tired of cold and snow that you feel you just can't take another day of it .
The day will come , in midsummer , when you find your plants becoming `` leggy '' , running to tall-growing foliage at the expense of blossoms .
Here is a word of advice when you go shopping for your pansy seeds .
It is roughly shaped like a large pear , and when properly ripened , its dark green skin covers a meaty , melon-like pulp that has about the consistency of a ripe Bartlett pear , but oily .
The avocado should have a `` give '' to it , as you hold it , when it is ripe .
It is a flavor that might take a little getting used to -- not because it is unpleasant , but because the flavor is hard to define in the light of our experience with other fruits .
Sometimes it takes several `` eatings '' of avocado to catch that delightful quality in taste that has made it such a favorite throughout the world .
The fruit is then cooled to 42-degrees-F. , a temperature at which it lapses into a sort of dormant state .
Avocados , however , are very rich in nutrients .
Nuclear weapons are fearsome , but the long-range ballistic missile gives them a stealth and merciless swiftness which is much more terrifying .
With a nation defenseless before it , why would the attacker spare the victim's people ? ?
However , because this vulnerability is mutual , it is to the advantage of neither side to destroy the opponent's cities , at least so long as the opponent has nuclear weapons with which to effect reprisal .
ICBMs have given us a capability which could be used in two different ways .
They could be used to attack a nation's people ( which would inevitably mean the loss of the attacker's own people ) , or they could be used with discrimination to destroy the enemy's military force .
Because of this , it would appear inevitable that an increasing percentage of strategic missiles will seek self-protection in mobility -- at least until missile defenses are perfected which have an exceedingly high kill probability .
It seems reasonable that if general nuclear war is not to be one cataclysmic act of burning each other's citizens to cinders , we must have a manned strategic force of long-endurance aircraft capable of going into China or Russia to find and destroy their strategic forces which continued to threaten us .
If we stop thinking in terms of tremendous multimegaton nuclear weapons and consider employing much smaller nuclear weapons which may be more appropriate for most important military targets , it would seem that the B-52 or B-70 could carry a great many small nuclear weapons .
The aircraft could be used to destroy other mobile , fleeting , and imprecisely located targets as well as the known , fixed and hardened targets which can also be destroyed by missile .
Why , then , aren't we planning a larger , more important role for manned military aircraft ? ?
The forces which survive the initial attack must be found and destroyed .
But , how does one go about the job of finding and destroying mobile forces ? ?
However , the aircraft which we have today are tied to large , `` soft '' airfields .
Here then is our problem : aircraft are vital to winning a war today because they can perform those missions which a missile is totally incapable of performing ; ;
but the airfield , on which the aircraft is completely dependent , is doomed by the missile .
This is the point on which so many people have written off the aircraft in favor of the missile .
But remember this -- it isn't the aircraft which is vulnerable to nuclear rockets , it is the airfield .
Put aircraft in `` bomb-proof '' hangars when they are on the ground .
Build long-range aircraft which can take off from small ( 3,000-foot ) airfields with runways .
We have the technology today with which to build aircraft shelters which could withstand at least 200 Aj .
Large , long-range bombers can be developed which would have the capability to take off from 3,000-foot runways , but they would require more powerful engines than we have today .
One seldom hears the analogy `` nuclear propulsion will do for the aircraft what it has already done for the submarine '' .
When aircraft are no longer helpless on airfields , they are no longer vulnerable to Aj .
But in the case of moving targets , and targets which have limited mobility , what will their location be when it is time to destroy them ? ?
What targets have we successfully knocked out ? ?
What targets still remain to be hit ? ?
It is our lack of extreme accuracy which forces the use of very large yield nuclear weapons .
Today we have side-looking radar which has such high resolution that the radar picture clearly shows individual buildings , runways , taxi-ways , separate spans of bridges , etc. .
Recently I was struck anew by the divergent approaches , when in the course of one afternoon and evening I listened to no fewer than ten different performances .
Certain pianistic traits are common to all five Schnabelian renditions , most notably the `` Schnabel trill '' ( which differs from the conventional trill in that the two notes are struck simultaneously ) .
But the most impressive testimony to Schnabel's distinction as a teacher is reflected by the individuality which marks each student's approach as distinctly his own .
The piano performance on this Trout is one that really demands a search for superlatives .
I , for one , rather regret that Schnabel didn't collaborate with the Budapest Quartet , whose rugged , athletic playing was a good deal closer to this pianist's interpretative outlook than the style of the Belgian group .
Why , for example , does he favor two tempos , rather than one , for the third movement ? ?
But having lived with the disc for some time now , I find the performance less exciting than either Schnabel's or Fleisher's ( whose superb performance with the Budapest Quartet has still to be recorded ) and a good deal less filled with humor than Curzon's .
On the basis of what they give us we can know how the young Caruso sang , appreciate the distinctive qualities of Parsifal under Karl Muck's baton , or sense the type of ensemble Toscanini created in his years with the New York Philharmonic .
( Music often sounds best to me when I can dress informally and sit in something more comfortable than a theatre seat .
but if you know The Real Thing , you know that what you are hearing is only a clever imitation .
Command's new Brahms Second is a major effort to make a record that sounds like a real orchestra rather than a copy of one .
The effect of the recording is very open and natural , with the frequency emphasis exactly what you would expect from a live performance .
A contributing factor is the perspective , the uniform aesthetic distance which is maintained .
Steinberg seems to have gone directly back to the score , discounting tradition , and has built his performance on the intention to reproduce as faithfully as possible exactly what Brahms set down on paper .
Those accustomed to broader , more romantic statements of the symphony can be expected to react strongly when they hear this one .
Without losing the distinctive undertow of Brahmsian rhythm , the pacing is firm and the over-all performance has a tightly knit quality that makes for maximum cumulative effect .
In the end , however , the thing about this performance that is most striking is the way it sings .
Steinberg obviously has concluded that it is the lyric element which must dominate in this score , and he manages at times to create the effect of the whole orchestra bursting into song .
Your ear takes you into the ensemble , and you may well become aware of instrumental details which previously were apparent only in the score .
It is this sort of experience that makes the concept of high fidelity of real musical significance for the home music listener .
This year several entries from Canada were entered which made the Junior Class International .
Forty-six of the 53 Juniors who mailed in entries were present .
Mrs. Long still feels the same unique spirit of Westminster which she stated the present Juniors will experience today but probably will not appreciate in full for a number of years .
Speaking from long years of experience , Mrs. Long advised the Juniors : `` When showing dogs ceases to be fun and excitement , stop ! !
When you and your dog step into the Junior ring , it should be just what the dog wants to do as much as what you want him to do .
He knows your signals , what is expected of him and the way the Class is conducted , right up through the flash-bulbs of the photographers '' .
`` Take away your attitude '' , said Mrs. Long , `` and what have you left ? ?
`` Your aids are your attitude , which comes through your voice , your hands and legs -- voice to encourage , discourage or whatever the need may be ; ;
Mr. Barcus spoke on the subject of scholarships for Juniors -- with which he is very familiar .
Last year a boy he knows and helped in Journalism won the Thoroughbred Racing Ass'n Scholarship which is worth $10,000 .
A Junior who won two or more wins in the Open Class was eligible .
From the records we keep -- Susan is the only Junior who has placed in the Junior Classes in both United States and Canada .
Most Juniors who were entered in the Finals are seasoned campaigners and not only show and win in Junior Classes but score in the Breed Classes as well .
It has been suggested many times that a Class be set up for the Juniors who are overage and cannot enter the Junior Classes .
For some time this writer has been suggesting a Junior Judging Class for Intermediates over 16 and under 20 years of age who are ineligible to compete in the Junior Class .
Juniors who attend this Chicago show should make a point to enter this Class as it would be of great help to them .
The founder of the Junior Showmanship Competition the late Leonard Brumby , Sr. ( for whom the trophy is named after at Westminster ) was an outstanding Handler and believed a Junior should have an opportunity to exhibit in a dog show starting with the Junior Showmanship Division .
Some years ago this Class was judged by celebrities who knew nothing of what was required of a Junior's ability to show a dog .
The Airedale Terrier Club of America and the Kerry Blue Terrier Club of America have under consideration donating trophies to the boys or girls who win with their breeds in Junior Showmanship Competition at any Show .
The Kansas City and the Topeka KCs are arranging that Juniors who win at their shows will be qualified to win points for Westminster .
The American Pointer Club is still continuing to donate trophies to Juniors who win at Junior Showmanship Classes with Pointers .
Once settled , we're careful to walk the dogs in an out of the way spot , keep them under control in the room , and feed and bench them where they can't do any harm to the furnishings or the furniture .
Many a motel owner -- when we've stopped there again -- has remembered us and has said he preferred our dogs to most children .
So many times I have wondered why veterinarians do not wipe the table clean before each new canine patient is placed on it for examination .
Today the recreational boating scene is awash with heartening statistics which prove the enormous growth of that sport .
Boating has become a giant whose strides cover the entire nation from sea to shining sea .
The spectacular upsurge in pleasure boating is markedly evident , expectedly , in the areas where boats have always been found : the natural lakes , rivers , and along the nation's coastline .
But during the last several years boats were launched in areas where , a short time ago , the only water to be found was in wells and watering troughs for livestock .
No matter how determined or wealthy boating lovers of the Southwest had been , for example , they could never have created anything approaching the fifty square-mile Lake Texoma , located between Texas and Oklahoma , which resulted when the Corp of Army Engineers dammed the Red River .
In 1959 , according to the Engineers , Lake Texoma was only one of thirty-two artificial lakes and reservoirs which were used for recreation by over 1,000,000 persons .
Where an opportunity to enjoy boating has not been created by bringing bodies of water to the people , means have been found to take the people and their boats to the water .
Providing these means are about ninety companies which manufactured the estimated 1,800,000 boat trailers now in use .
It is a simple task to haul a boat fifty or one hundred miles to a lake or reservoir on the new , light , strong , easy-to-operate trailers which are built to accommodate almost any kind of small boat and retail from $100 to $2,000 .
And trailers for boats are not what they started out to be ten years ago .
This year , Americans will discover previously unheard of refinements in trailers that will be exhibited in about one hundred of our nation's national , regional and local boat shows .
They range from an eight-foot pram , which you can build yourself for less than $50 , to auxiliary sailboats which can cost over $100,000 .
There is no limit to what you can spend , yet it is easily possible to keep within a set budget .
There is no question as to just what is available .
There are houseboats which are literally homes afloat , accommodating whole families in comfort and convenience .
Designers and manufacturers have produced models for purchasers who run the gamut from a nautical version of the elderly Pasadena lady who never drove more than five miles an hour on her once-a-month ride around the block , to the sportiest boatman who insists on all the dash , color , flair and speed possible to encompass in a single boat .
I wonder if anyone ever bothered to make the point that when it comes to boats and their motors , Americans excel over any country in the world in the long run .
Russia , whose technology is not quite primitive , is still in the dark ages when it comes to improving the outboard motor , for instance .
These engines can be removed from a boat with relative ease , wherein lies their greatest advantage .
There was a time when , if a man wanted to purchase a boat , it was necessary for him to be able to produce a sizeable amount of cash before he could touch the tiller or wheel .
Marine dealers and even some manufacturers who sell direct in non-dealer areas cooperate in enabling you to launch now and pay later .
When the automobile was in its embryonic stage , such roads as existed were pretty much open roads with the tacit understanding that horses should not be unduly terrified being about the only rule governing where , when and how fast a car could go .
When air travel was in its infancy , the sky was considered big enough and high enough for all .
As the ungoverned days of the automobile and the airplane are long since relegated to the past , so is the carefree attitude toward what a boatman may and may not do ; ;
Laws on boating vary according to the state in which the craft is to be used and according to its horsepower .
What may be acceptable in one state may be strictly prohibited across the boundary line .
The main requirement is to be sure the boat is numbered according to the regulations of the state in which the boat will be principally used .
It is always wise to consult your marine dealer , local yacht or boat club secretary , or local law enforcement officers if you are not positive what the regulations are .
As America on wheels was responsible for an industry of motor courts , motels , and drive-in establishments where you can dine , see a movie , shop , or make a bank deposit , the ever-increasing number of boating enthusiasts have sparked industries designed especially to accommodate them .
The word marina was coined by NAEBM originally to describe a waterfront facility where recreational boats could find protection and basic needs to lay over in relative comfort .
Currently , marina is used to indicate a municipal or commercially operated facility where a pleasure boat may dock and find some or all of the following available : gasoline , fresh water , electricity , telephone service , ice , repair facilities , restaurants , sleeping accommodations , a general store , and a grocery store .
Yachtel , a relatively new word , indicates a waterfront type of hotel where a yachtsman may dock and find overnight accommodations on the premises as well as other services .
Boatyards which also provide some of the above facilities may rightfully be called marinas .
A recent survey disclosed there are about 4,000 commercially and municipally operated marinas and boatyards in the United States , the majority of which are equipped to handle outboard boats .
In the frame are two sets of bars which interact with each other to prevent the operator from making dangerous moves .
The number of locking bars required depends on how many false moves must be prevented .
Here's how the scheme works : Suppose the operator pulls the lever to clear a particular signal .
This is not necessarily to green , however , for in some situations only a yellow indication is given to a train to let it into the `` plant '' .
Such locks are nearly always used where the switch points `` face '' oncoming traffic .
Each diagram is accompanied by a `` dog chart '' , a list of the levers that show which other levers any particular lever will lock if pulled .
Derails -- mechanical track devices that actually guide the wheels off the rails if a train passes a `` stop '' signal -- are used in many instances .
As an engineer approaches the plant the position of the home signal is seen in advance when he passes the `` distant '' signal located beyond the limits of the interlocking plant .
In other instances where there is no automatic block signaling , the distant has only green and yellow aspects .
Here's how it can be built .
Our instructions assume you are building this particular frame , which is for a junction .
When cutting the pieces , dress the ends smooth , and square with a smooth file or sanding disk .
Compress the assembly when you make the mark to show the location for `` B '' .
Now cut five Af locking bar spacers ( which run horizontally ) .
Now unsolder and disassemble the frame except for the two 12'' '' and the first two 3-3/4'' '' bars ( `` A '' and `` B '' pieces ) , which are soldered together .
As the work progresses the frame and moving parts become a sort of Chinese puzzle where several pieces must be removed before the part you are working on is accessible .
A little extra work here will pay off with a smooth , snug-fitting machine when you are finished .
Without math the men who are continually seeking the causes of and the reasons for the many things that make the world go 'round would not have any means of analyzing , standardizing , and communicating the things they discover and learn .
Math and the formulas that allow it to be applied to different problems are , therefore , essential to any scientific endeavor .
It's not a science as involved as determining what makes the earth rotate on its axis or building a rocket or putting a satellite into orbit but it is , nevertheless , a science .
however , he will have a clearer understanding of what he is doing and the chances are he will be more successful if he understands the few formulas that apply to rodding .
They involve only simple mathematics that are taught in grammar school arithmetic classes .
The symbol for division is a straight line that separates two numbers placed one above the other .
When more than two figures are separated by subtraction symbols the subtraction must be carried out from the left to right if the result is to be correct .
When solving an equation that involves division as well as other steps , do all the division steps first to reduce those parts of the equation to their numerical value .
Completing the division first also includes those division parts that require multiplication , subtraction , or addition steps : Af .
A constant is a number that remains the same regardless of the other numbers used in the formula and the resultant equation .
It is a number without which the equation cannot be solved correctly .
When it is needed , one formula is as important as another .
The constant is , which is one-quarter of 3.1416 , another constant known as `` pi '' .
Actually , the engine displacement formula is the standard formula for computing the volume of a cylinder of any type with an added factor that represents the number of cylinders in the engine .
The cross-sectional area of the cylinders is determined and then the volume of the individual cylinders is computed by multiplying the area by the stroke length , which is the equivalent of the length of the cylinders .
This is possible with water and other liquids that have a high surface tension .
The amount of liquid poured into the chamber is determined by subtracting the quantity still in the beaker when the chamber is full from the original quantity .
Another thing that must be taken into consideration is the volume of the area between the top of the piston and the top of the cylinder block when the piston is in top dead center position .
For an example let's dream up an engine that has a final combustion chamber volume of 5 cubic inches and a cylinder volume of 45 cubic inches .
This method of computing compression ratio cannot be used accurately for engines that have pistons with either domed or irregularly shaped heads .
The only way to determine the final combustion chamber volume when such pistons are used is by measuring it with liquid while the cylinder head is bolted to the cylinder block and the piston is in top dead center position .
There are four versions of the formula that involves the relationships of car speed , engine speed , rear axle gear ratio , and rear tire size .
This is done by measuring the distance from the surface on which the tire is resting to the center of the rear axle shaft .
A tire must be inflated to its normal hot operating pressure and the car must be loaded to its operating weight when this measurement is made .
When tire size is measured in this manner a constant of 168 is used in the formula .
-- The best 2-year-old pacing mile up to date at Ben White Raceway has been that of Mary Liner ( Mainliner-Highland Ellen ) , a member of the Dick Williams stable , who was clocked 2:25 .
She is owned by Ralph H. Kroening , Milwaukee , Wis. , who , according to the railbirds , can feel justly proud of her .
Fury has made a few mistakes but looks like a wonderful prospect , with his impressive gait and stride which certainly make him cover the ground .
Torrid Freight ( Torrid-Breeze On Hal ) is a very rugged , strong-made colt with a wonderful stride who has done with ease everything asked of him .
Hoopla ( Tar Heel-Holiday Hanover ) , a filly that wanted to trot , knocked herself October 31 and November 1 fighting the hopples .
The last-named is a fine-looking , large colt , who has been unfortunate to be laid off for some time due to injuries .
This filly is another Adios that wants to trot , and trot she did until forced to do otherwise .
While 2-year-olds are still gaining most of the attention at the track , green horses are starting to go a bit , and Jimmy Cruise has several that can really make it .
First on my own list would be two arms -- a rifle and a handgun -- that qualify as new in the strictest sense .
Bill Ruger's long-awaited Deerstalker ( under $110 ) is a new rifle action in a caliber that upsets all the modern theory of high-velocity fans ; ;
After figuring out how to regulate the barrels so that they shot to the same point of impact , we fired this little 20-inch-barrel job on my home range and in Marlin's underground test gallery .
We quickly ran into the same trouble that plagued Bill Ruger in his first experiments : Three or four bullets would be placed well in a six-inch bull at 100 yards and then , unaccountably , one could stray far out of the group .
Within half an hour I jumped a six-point buck that hop-skipped through a rhododendron thicket , and I caught him just behind the left foreleg at 60 yards .
My double was made with standard-weight revolver barrels ( before cutting to revolver length ) , and although it compares well in other respects , it's considerably heavier than the Deerstalker , which only scales about 6-1/2 pounds .
The 240-grain bullet leaves the muzzle at 1,850 fps , which gives it all the smash needed at woods ranges .
rim-fire auto with a tubular magazine that holds 18 Long Rifles .
The bore is unrifled but is provided with an insert tube which is rifled and which , surprisingly , gives pretty fair accuracy even though it's only 3-1/2 inches long .
They'll travel 50 feet or more when thrown from the spring trap but it's almost impossible to break one after it passes the 35-foot mark .
The latest versions of the famous Savage Model 99 are the 99 Featherweight ( about $125 ) and the 99 Deluxe ( under $135 ) , which have a top-tang safety and improved trigger design .
A fresh crop of beginners' guns showed up in 1961 , and they're good bets for your Christmas gift list if you're wondering what to get for a youngster .
single-shot Remington 514C ( around $20 ) , which comes with a 21-inch barrel and a short -- 12-1/2-inch -- stock ; ;
There's another addition to the Stevens line , the pump-action Model 77 in ( under $75 ) , which you may or may not consider a kid's gun ; ;
It's the Valmet ( about $170 ) , a 12-gauge over/under very much like the old Remington 32 -- which was so fine a gun that today a used one still brings high prices .
Jet -- which I coupled with the Deerstalker carbine as one of the year's two biggest developments -- few significant innovations appeared among 1961's handguns .
They did not complain at the inhuman hour of starting ( seven in the morning ) , nor of the tariff , which was reasonable since it covered everything but the tobacco .
Then the Chinese hostler , who rode with Vernon on the box , would break open a hamper and produce filets of smoked bass or sturgeon , sandwiches , pickled eggs , and a rum sangaree to be heated over a spirit lamp .
In spring and in autumn the run was made for a group of botanists which included an old friend of mine .
They gathered roots , bulbs , odd ferns , leaves , and bits of resin from the rare Santa Lucia fir , which exists only on a forty-five mile strip on the westerly side of these mountains .
Vernon was serviceable on the botanical field trips , but he could arrange no schedule with the cooks , and he was glad when the trips dropped off , and the botanists began to motor out by themselves .
It was draped with snowy napkins that kept hot a platter of oyster salt roast and a mound of corn fritters .
Oyster salt roast -- oysters on the half shell , cooked on a bed of coarse salt that kept them hot when served -- was a standby at Manning's .
Its early morning patrons were coachmen , who fortified themselves for the day with that delicacy .
( Gastronomes have long argued about which came first , the Palace's or Antoine's .
Antoine's held as mandatory a splash of absinthe or Pernod on the parsley or spinach which was used for the underbedding .
There are many ways of making a kedgeree , every one of which is right .
For decades it was the most popular dish served in the Ladies' Grill at breakfast , and it is one of the few old Palace dishes that still survive .
As things happened , Morgan was installed in the Nob Hill residence of a magnate friend , whose kitchen swarmed with cooks of approved talent .
Sherry remained in his hotel suite , where he amused himself as best he could .
In the grand court of the Palace , notable for its tiers of Moorish galleries that looked down on the maelstrom of vehicles below , Vernon's station was at the entrance .
Of majestic build , rubicund and slash-mouthed , he resembled the late General Winfield Scott , who was said to be the most imposing general of his century , if not of all centuries .
Vernon wore a gray tall hat , a gardenia , and maroon Wellington boots that glistened like currant jelly .
He had style : he held his reins in a loose bunch at the third button of his checked Epsom surtout , and when the horses leaned at a curve , as if bent by the force of a gale , he leaned with them .
They cantered down the peninsula , not slackening until the coach reached Woodside where the Santa Cruz uplands begin .
An agreeable ease suffused Vernon and the passengers of the tallyho , from which there issued clouds of smoke .
The Santa Cruz mountains sprawl over three counties , and the roads twist through sky-tapping redwoods down whose furrowed columns ripple streams of rain , even when heat bakes the Santa Clara valley below at the left .
Vernon kept an account book with a list of all the establishments that he thought worthy of patronage .
He was copious in his praise of those that served food that was good to eat .
It was the haunt of writer Ambrose Bierce , who admired its redwoods .
Acorns from the great oaks fed the small black pigs ( akin to Berkshires ) , whose `` carcass sweepstakes '' were renowned .
Their ham butts , cured in oak-log smoke , were also esteemed when roasted or boiled , and served with this original sauce :
Every winter a kegful of this sauce was made and placed at the end of a row of four other kegs in the cellar , so that when its turn came , it was properly mellowed .
But no one complained when they wound up , regardless of season , in venison pies .
Though creeks in the Santa Cruz mountains flow brimful the year round and it is forever spring , the apples that grow there have a wintry crackle .
Dwellers thereabouts preferred to get their apple pies at the local bakery , which had a brick oven fired with redwood billets .
The recipe , which he got from the baker , and wrote down in his ledger , is basically this :
Those who have never traveled the width and length of this land cannot conceive , on the basis of textbook description alone , the overwhelming space and variety of this country held together under one government .
The miracle of democratic America comes home to one most strongly only when one has seen the endless Great Plains of the Midwest ; ;
By automobile from New York , for example , you can take a one or two-day tour to Annapolis , Maryland to see the colonial homes and the U.S. Naval Academy ( where you can shoot the dress parade on Wednesdays ) ; ;
From here you can easily include a side trip to the old whaling port of Nantucket , Massachusetts , which looks just as it must have two centuries ago .
Return through New England , stopping for a visit to Lake Champlain where you can take a boat ride and go to Ethan Allen Park .
There you'll witness a view which includes the Adirondack Mts. and the Winooski River .
Pictures can be taken in the public areas and when on tours .
Photos of Conference Rooms and the General Assembly Hall can be made when these rooms are not being used for meetings .
It encompasses in its expanse areas where the natural beauty encourages a vacation of quiet contemplation , on the one hand , to places where entertainment and spectacles of all sorts have been provided for the tourist with camera .
Of special interest this anniversary year of the war between the states are the many Civil War battlefields where , likely as not , you'll catch some memorial re-enactments .
Along the 127-mile route through Great Smoky Mountains National Park you can photograph the breath-taking peaks , gorges and valleys which come into view at every turn .
Another scenic spot in Tennessee is Chattanooga where the Rock City Gardens are not to be missed .
Foliage is the outstanding photo subject in many of the Southern locales mentioned above and some specific tips on how and where to shoot it are in order .
Exposure problems may occur in these forest areas where uneven lighting results from shafts of sunlight filtering through the overhead branches .
Best solution is to find an area that is predominantly sunlight or shade .
In any instance , you should determine the exposure according to the type of light which falls on most of the subject area .
Lake Michigan offers swimming and pictures which combine cityscapes with beaches .
Wisconsin Dells , where fantastically scenic rocks carved by the Wisconsin River are overgrown with fern and other foliage , rates a stopover when traveling from Chicago .
Another spot with an image-provoking name is the Black Hills where you can visit the old frontier mining town of Deadwood .
Of course , while in this vicinity you won't want to miss a visit to Mount Rushmore National Memorial where on the side of a mountain are the famous sculptures of Presidents Washington , Lincoln , Jefferson and Theodore Roosevelt .
In Missouri ( which we are including in our general Midwest region ) you can glance into Mark Twain's birthplace at Hannibal , see the landmarks of his life and writings and visualize where Huck Finn hatched his boyish mischief .
Itasca State Park , where the Mississippi River begins , is one of the outstanding tourist spots in Minnesota .
Mementoes of the Old West recall the days of Wyatt Earp in Dodge City , Nebraska , where present-day cowboys add a colorful human interest note to your vacation shooting .
Night scenes will add an exciting touch to your vacation travelogue and what better place to take them then along Chicago's Lake Shore Drive ? ?
Special events and their dates which will make interesting shooting in the Midwest area , include the following :
Among its most spectacular features are its falls , the highest being Upper Yosemite which drops 2,425 feet .
Fantastic colors are to be seen in the fanciful formations of eroded rock which loom out of the semiarid country in both parks .
Whole blocks are disappearing and more are scheduled to vanish to make room for wide boulevards that will show off its treasures to better advantage -- the great domes and graceful spires of its mosques , the panorama of the Bosphorus and the Golden Horn .
Even when they are finished , however , the contrast will remain , for Istanbul is the only city in the world that is built upon two continents .
Founded in the Ninth Century B.C. it was called Byzantium 200 years later when Byzas , ruler of the Megarians , expanded the settlement and named it after himself .
About a thousand years after that , when the Roman Empire was divided , it became capital of the Eastern section .
In 1453 when the last vestige of ancient Roman power fell to the Turks , the city officially shifted religions -- although the Patriarch , or Pope , of the Orthodox Church continued to live there , and still does -- and became the capital of the Ottoman Empire .
When that was broken up after the First World War , its name was changed once more .
Rich in Christian and Moslem art , Istanbul is today a fascinating museum of East and West that recently became a seaside resort as well with the development of new beaches on the Bosphorus and the Sea of Marmara only a short distance from the center of town .
I started my tour of them at the Turkish Government Tourist Office , next to Pan American's office on the left as you enter the driveway that leads to the Hilton Hotel .
There the bus turned right along the Bosphorus , past ocean liners at anchor , to Galata Bridge over the entrance to the Golden Horn , a brown sweep of water that empties into the Bosphorus .
On the other side of the Golden Horn I rode through Eminonu Square , with Yeni Cami , or the New Mosque , which dates from the Seventeenth Century , just across from the entrance to the bridge .
Erected on the site of pagan temples and three previous St. Sophias , the first of which was begun by Constantine , this fourth church was started by Justinian in 532 and completed twenty years later .
Nevertheless , it remained one of the most splendid churches of the Eastern Empire , where the Byzantine Emperors were crowned .
In the second half of the Sixteenth Century , Sinan , the great architect who is the Michelangelo of the East , designed the massive buttresses that now help support the dome .
With the birth of the Turkish Republic after the First World War , St. Sophia became a museum , and the ancient mosaics , which were plastered over by the Moslems , whose religion forbids pictures in holy places , have been restored .
Inside over the first door I saw one of these , which shows Constantine offering the city to the Virgin Mary and Justinian offering the temple .
Beneath the dome I saw the spot where the Byzantine Emperors were crowned , a bit of floor protected now by a wooden fence .
Behind this is a minber or Moslem pulpit and near it a raised platform with golden grillwork , where the emperors and , after them , the sultans , sat .
Directly opposite is the emperor's door , through which they entered the building .
Statues and other monuments that stood there were stolen , mostly by the waves of Crusaders .
At the beginning of the Hippodrome I saw the Kaiser's Fountain , an ugly octagonal building with a glass dome , built in 1895 by the German Emperor , and on my left , directly across from it , the tomb of Sultan Ahmet , who constructed the Blue Mosque , more properly known by his name .
Just before coming to the mosque entrance I crossed the street , entered the Hippodrome , and walked ahead to the Obelisk of Theodosius , originally erected in Heliopolis in Egypt about 1,600 B.C. by Thutmose , who also built those now in New York , London and Rome at the Lateran .
This one was set up here in 390 A.D. on a pedestal , the faces of which are carved with statues of the emperor and his family watching games in the Hippodrome , done so realistically that the obelisk itself is included in them .
Beyond it I noted a small green column , about twelve feet below the present ground level -- the Serpentine Column , three entwined serpents , which once stood at the Temple of Apollo at Delphi , Greece .
Near the end of the Hippodrome I came upon the Built Column , a truncated obelisk of blocks , all that remains of a monument that once rivalled the Colossus of Rhodes .
One of the most beautiful buildings in Istanbul , it was constructed in the early years of the Seventeenth Century , with a huge central dome , two half domes that seem to cascade down from it , and smaller full domes around the gallery .
The round minarets , tall and graceful , rise from rectangular bases and have three platforms from which the muezzin can chant his call to prayer .
It stands in the middle of what was once the Forum of Constantine , who brought it from Rome .
After lunch , in the arcade on my left just before reaching the street I found a pastry shop that sells some of the best baklava -- a sweet , flaky cake -- in Istanbul .
Taking the streetcar back to Kaiser's Fountain , I walked ahead , then left down the street opposite St. Sophia and just beyond the corner came to a small , one-story building with a red-tile roof , which is the entrance to the Sunken Palace .
Just before reaching it I came to a grey and brown stone building that looks somewhat like an Oriental pagoda , with Arabic lettering in gold and colored tile decorations -- the Fountain of Sultan Ahmet .
Going through the Imperial Gate in the wall , I entered the grounds of Topkapi Palace , home of the Sultans and nerve center of the vast Ottoman Empire , and walked along a road toward another gate in the distance , past the Church of St. Irene , completed by Constantine in 330 A.D. on my left , and then , just outside the second gate , I saw a spring with a tap in the wall on my right -- the Executioner's Spring , where he washed his hands and his sword after beheading his victims .
Following arrowed signs , I veered right toward the former kitchens , complete with chimneys , which now house one of the world's greatest collections of Chinese porcelain and a fabulous array of silver dinner services .
I walked to the right around it to buildings containing illuminated manuscripts and came to the Treasury , which houses such things as coffee cups covered with diamonds , jewelled swords , rifles glittering with diamonds and huge divan-like thrones as large as small beds , on which the sultans sat cross-legged .
Keep ashes from one barbecue to the next to sprinkle over coals if they are too hot , and to stop flames that arise from melting grease .
Do build a wall of glowing coals six to eight inches in front of meat that is barbecued on an electric spit .
Don't plan meals that are too complicated .
Do whatever kitchen work , such as fixing a salad , preparing garlic bread , or making a marinade sauce , ahead of time .
When you start the outdoor performance , you can stay outdoors without a dozen running trips into the kitchen .
Do keep the grill high enough above the fire so that when fat from meat drips down and flares up , flames cannot reach the meat .
There is even one set that has `` barbecue '' written on it .
Don't forget -- when you take to the hills or the beach -- that your cooler , which you might have used for wine- or beer-cooling on your terrace or back yard , is indispensable for carrying liquid refreshments .
Except when you prepare `` do it yourself '' shish kebob or a lobster roast .
Get copper or earthenware mugs that keep beer chilled or soup hot .
Turn off at any one of the marked picnic areas ( gasoline companies have touring service bureaus that issue booklets on national parks to tell you where you have barbecue facilities ) and -- with soft drinks cooled from morning loading up , hamburger , buns , an array of relishes , and fresh fruit -- your lunch is 75% cheaper than at a restaurant , and 100% more fun .
As you pull out of your motel or national park home-for-the-night , visit a market and buy just what you need for the next meal .
You only have to think of franks and sausages to know what I mean .
You'll never hear `` sayonara '' , the Japanese word for goodbye , from your guests when you give a hibachi party .
Mustard cream , used as alternate dip for franks and pineapple tidbits , tastes best when served at room temperature .
Directions are written for those who have had previous experience in making pottery .
Whenever possible , use the wooden mold as a pattern for cutting clay .
When mold has more than one design cavity , make individual paper patterns .
This will prevent the clay from twisting or bending , causing warping when fired .
When dry they were fired to cone 06-05 .
Score outside of container where handle ends will be joined .
When changing from one color to another , whether working on right or wrong side , pick up the new strand from underneath dropped strand .
Mark row on which first stitches have been bound off for armhole by drawing a contrasting colored thread through it .
When directions read `` sl a marker on needle '' , put a small safety pin , paper clip , or commercial ring marker on needle .
Menfolk can ride in the forward cockpit where the helmsman has a clear view .
Youngsters can sleep or amuse themselves safely in the large cabin which has 5-foot 11-inch headroom , bunks for three , galley and marine toilet .
The aft cockpit has a Af storage bin over six feet long that doubles as a seat .
Consider what you have to earn to be able to spend the $3,000 and your building time is well worth it .
All framing in Hotei is one-inch mahogany which , in the dressed state you buy it , is about the 13/16-inch thickness specified in the drawings .
With the exception of two battens , all run to the stem where they are glued and screwed after careful beveling .
When cut , the planking is clamped in place for a final and careful trimming .
Then it is marked on the inside where it comes in contact with the transom , frames , keelson and all the battens .
The next step is to remove it and spread glue where it has been marked at the contact points .
When the resin has hardened , mix up another batch with a pigment added if you wish .
When the cloth is smooth , apply another coat of resin , spreading it with a paint roller .
When the whole bottom has hardened , use a disk sander to feather the edges of the cloth at the keel line and near the spray rail .
After trimming off the excess on the frames and transom which was used to fasten them to the jig at a working height , the top of the side planking is installed .
When they're on , the top edges are planed even with the sheer batten .
The exception is where the flooring butts .
It is a full scale , small , but efficient house that can become a year 'round retreat complete in every detail .
Thus , when you have prepared your foundation and laid the floor , these can be trucked to the site and erected with a small crew of friends in a weekend .
Due to the fact that building codes and regulations vary so much throughout the country , the first thing to do is to find out what , if any , they are .
Where a building permit is required , find out what you must present when applying for one .
How are the roads , and how will they stand up ? ?
Note where the sun rises and sets , and ask which direction the prevailing winds and storms come from .
This will permit you to get a rough estimate of how much the materials for the shell will cost .
Bear in mind that this does not include interior panels for partitions , fancy flooring , appliances and fixtures , electrical wiring , and plumbing , all of which will be taken up in detail in later issues .
They should be as straight as possible , as this will effect their ability to mesh properly when the walls are erected .
The door panels are designed to accommodate standard doors which should be of exterior grade .
The drill press consists of a vertical shaft ( spindle ) which is tapered or threaded on one end to hold a drill chuck , a tubular housing ( quill ) in which the spindle is mounted , a head in which the quill is mounted , a feed lever which moves the quill up or down , a power source , and a movable table upon which the work is placed .
A new radial drill press with a 16 inch capacity has a tilting head that allows drilling to be done at any angle .
The head is mounted on a horizontal arm that swivels on the supporting column to position the drill bit instead of the work .
Keep the belt just tight enough so the pulleys won't slip when pulled by hand ; ;
Most drill presses have a quill return spring that raises the spindle automatically when the feed lever is released and holds the quill in the raised position .
The return spring tension may be adjusted to suit individual requirements by gripping the spring housing with a pair of pliers ( to prevent the spring from unwinding when it is released ) , loosening the lock nut or screw , and rotating the housing until the desired tension is achieved .
otherwise , you'll have to spend a few minutes to either attach a suitable spring clip somewhere on the press head or fit the key to a length of light chain and fasten to the bottom of the motor mount so that the key is out of the way when not in use .
You will find a chart giving the various speed ratios available with your particular drill press somewhere in the instruction booklet that came with the tool .
The best results will be obtained by matching the correct speed with a steady feed pressure that lets the tool cut easily at an even rate .
All will do a good job if sharp , but the twist drills don't cut quite as smoothly as the others , since they do not have the outlining spurs that sever the fibers before actual boring starts .
When drilling all the way through a workpiece , always place a piece of scrap wood underneath .
When a hole is to be bored to a predetermined depth , mark the depth on the side of the stock , then run the bit down so that it is even with the mark .
Its building was first proposed in 1791 , when a group of citizens , mostly Newburyport men , petitioned the General Court for an act of incorporation .
Timothy Palmer , who invented and later patented the arch type of construction for wooden bridges , was the genius who planned and supervised the building of the Essex , or `` Deer Island '' bridge although the actual work was carried out under the direction of William Coombs , who received $300 as recompense .
whose chord is one hundred and sixty feet , and whose vortex is forty feet ( it was actually 37 feet ) above the high-water mark .
that he moved with his parents to West Boxford when he was sixteen years old ; ;
It was indeed a remarkable feat that a man who had had no experience of bridge building should have applied the principle of the arch , which appears in his famous bridges at Portsmouth , Haverhill , and Philadelphia .
The Essex Merrimack Bridge when first built was not covered .
Its original appearance is shown in an engraving published in the `` Massachusetts Magazine '' in May 1793 , which is reproduced herewith ( Fig. 1 ) .
It is said that the eccentric Timothy Dexter , who was one of the first share-holders , stood on the table and made a speech worthy of the occasion .
The `` Essex Journal '' says that he `` delivered an oration on the bridge , which for elegance of style , propriety of speech or force of argument , was truly Ciceronian '' .
The north portion of the Essex bridge was well worth the cost of construction , although it proved to be twice what was estimated in the beginning .
The Essex bridge was a toll crossing until 1868 , when the County Commissioners laid out all the Merrimack bridges as highways .
Sturdy and strong after more than a century of continuous use , the old covered , wooden bridge that spans the Tygartis Valley River at Philippi will have a distinctive part in the week-long observance of the first land battle of the Civil War at its home site , May 28th to June 3rd .
But what the elements could not do was seriously threatened when Brigadier General William E. ( Grumble ) Jones reached Philippi while on the famous Jones-Imboden raid in May , 1863 .
Again Reverend Corder saved the bridge when Union soldiers planned to destroy it , after filling its two lanes with hay and straw -- but for what reason is not recorded nor remembered , certainly not because of pressure from an opposing Confederate force .
So our innate generosity of spirit prompts us to share our trials , errors and solutions with any who are taking the pool plunge for the first time -- in the pious hope that some may profit from our experience .
On the other hand , out-of-sight does not lead to out-of-mind when children cannot be easily observed and you have to make a long trek to reach the pool .
As in choosing a wife , it is only sensible to consider also how appealing a pool is likely to be in bad weather as well as in good .
In the colder climes , for instance , you will have to live through the many unglamorous winter months when your pool will hardly look its best .
The placement of your pool , however , will not of itself solve the two major problems of pool owning -- those that involve your social life and those pertaining to safety .
We want to know when the Potlatches telephone exactly how many they are planning to bring , so that we won't end up with a splashing mob that looks like Coney Island in August .
No bottle pool is tolerated -- bottle pool being our lingo for those who come to swim and sink into our bar while protesting that they can only dunk and run .
We designated one day a week as the time when neighborhood teen-agers might swim at definite hours .
We also worked out logistics for Sunday afternoon swimmers who arrive two hours early with their weekend guests while we are still enjoying an alfresco lunch en famille .
We gently usher them to an island of tables and chairs strategically placed on the far side of the pool where they can amuse each other until we get ready to merge sides .
Our pools also have wide , shallow steps -- for the benefit of the littlest swimmers who can thus be introduced to the water with far greater safety than a ladder affords .
When you first acquire a pool , we earnestly recommend -- for your own mental health -- a good long chat with your insurance agent .
Even so , every pool owner , in case of emergency , should have some idea of what makes things work .
When shed , they leave rust marks .
Many hours of spring cleaning will be saved , however , if you remove the main drain grate when you close the pool season in the fall .
Much of the dirt and leaf stain is easily removed when damp , but requires dynamite if allowed to dry .
If you have a 6- to 8-inch drain pipe , you may easily wash out all the debris when the grate is out .
Of course , when your 6-inch torrent of water is released , it may cause a lot of comment as it passes through or by neighboring properties .
If your pool is located on or near sloping ground , it may have natural drainage which is certainly more desirable than to be faced with the annual expense and labor of first pumping out the water and then scooping out all the debris .
Fortunately , it is the FHA which has arrived at this conclusion , for it means that cooling equipment of all kinds may now be included in a mortgage , and thus acquired with a minimum of financial stress .
You can install it yourself -- this is a central system that will cool every part of your house .
When you're less fatigued , things just naturally look brighter .
No matter what style your home is , ranch , two-story , Colonial or contemporary , central air conditioning is easily installed .
But there's no denying that the easiest and most economical way to get year-'round whole-house air conditioning is when you build .
If you can't see your way clear to have summer cooling included when building , by all means make provision for its easy adding later .
You can get year-'round air conditioners in the same variety of styles in which you buy a furnace alone -- high or low boy , horizontal or counterflow .
Be sure ducts that require insulation get it when they are installed .
Be sure you get a perimeter heating system , and diffusers that will work as well for cooling as they do for heating .
You can get a hot water system that will also work for cooling your house .
It is , in effect , an oversize room conditioner equipped with prefab glass-fiber ducts to distribute the cooled , cleaned , dehumidified air where it is wanted .
One of the more remarkable of the new cooling systems is one that can be switched to heating .
Up until recently , this heat pump method of warming air was efficient only in areas of mild winters and when outside temperatures were above 40 degrees .
Now , the machine has been improved to a point where it is generally more economical than oil heat at temperatures down to 15 degrees .
Consider it as a standby setup , at negligible cost , for those emergencies when the furnace quits , a blizzard holds up fuel delivery , or for cool summer mornings or evenings when you don't want to start up your whole heating plant .
How large a cooling unit you need , and the method of its installation , depends on a variety of factors .
Among other things , besides the nature of your house and how much heat finds its way into its various rooms from the outside , it will depend upon your personal habits and the makeup of your family .
A BTU is a unit of heat , and the BTU rating of a conditioner refers to how much heat your machine can pump out of your house in an hour .
It is generally an inaccurate method of rating , for the horsepower is that of the compressor motor , and many other components beside it determine how much cooling you'll get .
Here's why :
If you have a house which heat doesn't penetrate easily , your unit will have less heat to remove .
The way a house is set on its lot can therefore influence how much cooling you're going to need .
You'll foil them in droves , along with their pal humidity , by having and using a kitchen range exhaust fan , a bathroom ventilator for when you shower , and an outside vent for the clothes drier .
You must know before you start what the needs and objectives of your organization are ; ;
you must have a list of requirements on where , how many , and what type sites are needed .
In recent years many counties and the U. S. Forest Service have taken aerial photos which show features in detail and are very good for planning use .
Inspect the site in the field during the time of the year when the area will be most heavily used for recreation .
This gives you a better opportunity to get the feel of the climate conditions , the exposure to the sun and wind , the water interests , etcetera , which vary greatly with the seasons .
However , there is also much to be gained by making use of the abilities of the local people who are available and interested in recreation .
County judges , commissioners , engineers , assessors , and others who have lived in the area for a long time may have valuable knowledge regarding the site or opinions to offer from their varied professional experiences .
How much study is required ? ?
The same is true of areas which at first look good because of a few existing recreation features but may actually be poor areas to develop for general public use .
In looking for the best sites available that meet the requirements , you need information to compare the site with others .
What are the existing recreation features ? ?
How well can the site be developed ? ?
A site which overlooks a harbor or river may offer interest in the activities of boating traffic .
Note extent of these interests and how available they will be for the public to enjoy .
A body of water is usually the center of interest at parks which attract the greatest picnic and camping use .
a stream or pond which is attractive in the springtime may become stagnant or dry in late summer .
A stream which has all of its watershed within a national forest or other lands under good conservation practices is less likely to be affected by pollution than one passing through unrestricted logging or past an industrial area .
Other natural features which can be of high interest are the forests , canyons , mountains , deserts , seacoast , beaches , sand dunes , waterfalls , springs , etcetera with which the area is blessed .
Just as the national and state parks place emphasis on features which are of national or state significance , counties should seek out these features which are distinctive of their area .
A group of native trees or plants which are outstanding in a particular county can be featured at the site .
The fish , animals , and birds which may be found at the site are another interest .
Each area has its own historical interests with which much can be done .
The historical sign tells its story , but nothing gets interest across as well as some of the original historical items or places themselves which still have the character of the period covered .
Those which tell a story of the earth's formation in each area can add geological interest to the recreation sites .
How well can the site be developed ? ?
Look at the physical features of the land to determine how desirable it is for use , what can be done to correct the faults , and what it will cost to make the area meet your needs in comparison to other sites .
Determine how much topography limits useful area or what the costs of earth moving or grading might be .
Look at the trees as to size and interest , the amount of shade they provide , how healthy they are , the problems of maintenance , fire hazards , wind throw , etcetera .
-- How much will wind , rain , sun , and temperature affect the use ? ?
The direction , velocity , and season of these winds should be noted as to just how they will affect the recreation use and your maintenance and operation of the area .
Sometimes , you have a choice of exposure for sites where the topography or trees of the area will provide afternoon shade , morning sun , or whatever may be most desirable for the use intended .
-- Some areas may already have been improved and contain buildings , roads , utilities , cleared land , etcetera which may raise the cost of the site .
The Serge Prokofieff whom we knew in the United States of America was gay , witty , mercurial , full of pranks and bonheur -- and very capable as a professional musician .
These qualities endeared him to both the musicians and the social-economic haute monde which supported the concert world of the post-World War 1 , era .
What was it to Prokofieff ? ?
I heard the Classical Symphony for the first time when Koussevitzky conducted it in Paris in 1927 .
His life-long friend , Serge Koussevitzky , gave unreservedly of his praise and brilliant performances in Boston , New York , and Washington , D.C. , , to which he added broadcastings and recordings for the whole nation .
Nevertheless , Prokofieff was much influenced by Paris during the Twenties : the Paris which was the artistic center of the Western World -- the social Paris to which Russian aristocracy migrated -- the chic Paris which attracted the tourist dollars of rich America -- the avant-garde Paris of Diaghileff , Stravinsky , Koussevitzky , Cocteau , Picasso -- the laissez-faire Paris of Dadaism and ultramodern art -- the Paris sympathique which took young composers to her bosom with such quick and easy enthusiasms .
The world exploded when Fascism challenged all concepts of peace and liberty , and the outraged , freedom-loving peoples of the Capitalist and Socialist worlds combined forces to stamp Fascist tyranny into cringing submission .
One might have expected that such a violent epoch of transition would have destroyed the creative flair of a composer , especially one whose works were so fluent and spontaneous .
This is precisely what makes lucid , straightforward music so difficult to compose -- the clarity must be new , not old '' .
How right he was ; ;
how clearly he saw the cultural defection of experimentation as an escape for those who dare not or prefer not to face the discipline of modern traditionalism .
And with what resource did Prokofieff back up his Credo of words -- with torrents of powerful music .
Also , it should be noted that the polytonal freedom of his melodies and harmonic modulations , the brilliant orchestrations , the adroitness for evading the heaviness of figured bass , the skill in florid counterpoint were not lost in his mature output , even in the spectacular historical dramas of the stage and cinema , where a large , dramatic canvas of sound was required .
Prokofieff might well emerge as a cultural hero , who , by the force of his creative life , helped preserve the main stream of tradition , to which the surviving idioms of current experimentalism may be eventually added and integrated .
At this date , it seems probable that the name of Serge Prokofieff will appear in the archives of History , as an effective Traditionalist , who was fully aware of the lure and danger of experimentation , and used it as it served his purpose ; ;
Certainly , it is the traditional clarity of his music which has endeared him to the Western World -- not his experimentations .
Why did Prokofieff expand in stature and fecundity , while Stravinsky ( who leaped into fame like a young giant ) dwindled in stature and fruitfulness ? ?
When Prokofieff forged his new clarity of `` lucid , straightforward music , so difficult to compose '' , he shaped his talents to his purpose .
When Stravinsky shaped his purpose to the shifting scenes of many cultures , many salons , many dialectics , many personalities , he tried to refashion himself into a stylist of many styles , determined by many disparate cultures .
But Stravinsky was swayed by the attitudes of whatever culture he was reflecting .
Because of the authentic homogeneity of his early Nationalistic materials , and his flair for orchestrations -- his brilliant Petruchka , his savage Sacre Du Printemps , his incisive Les Noces -- the world kept hoping that he could recapture the historical direction for which his native talents were predisposed .
What a patchwork of proclamations and renunciations ! !
How differently Prokofieff's life unfolded .
With a large and circumspect 20th-Century technique , he wove the materials of national heroes and events , national folklore and children's fairy tales -- Slavic dances and love songs -- into a solid musical literature which served his people well , and is providing much enjoyment to the World at large .
That his moods , even in his early years , are those of his people , does him honor , as his music honors those who inspired it .
On that date the Musicians Emergency Fund , organized to furnish employment for musicians unable to obtain engagements during the depression and to provide relief for older musicians who lost their fortunes in the stock market crash , observed its 30th anniversary .
Roy Mason is essentially a landscape painter whose style and direction has a kinship with the English watercolorists of the early nineteenth century , especially the beautifully patterned art of John Sell Cotman .
And like this English master , Mason realizes his subjects in large , simplified masses which , though they seem effortless , are in reality the result of skilled design born of hard work and a thorough distillation of the natural form that inspired them .
It is this subject matter that has brought Mason a large and enthusiastic following among sportsmen , but it is his exceptional performance with this motif that commends him to artists and discerning collectors .
Like many others , he had to work hard , long hours in a struggling family business which , though it was allied to art of a kind -- the design and production of engraved seals -- bore no relation to the painting of pictures .
Except for a rich friendship with the painter , Chauncey Ryder who gave him the only professional instruction he ever had -- and this was limited to a few lessons , though the two artists often went on painting trips together -- Roy developed his art by himself .
More often than not I have found easy excuse to leave my own work and stand at a respectable distance where I could watch this man transform raw nature into a composed , not imitative , painting .
What I have observed time and time again is a process of integration , integration that begins as abstract design and gradually takes on recognizable form ; ;
color patterns that are made to weave throughout the whole composition ; ;
and that over-all , amazing control of large washes which is the Mason stylemark .
First I make preliminary watercolor sketches in quarter scale ( approximately Af inches ) in which I pay particular attention to the design principles of three simple values -- the lightest light , the middle tone , and the darkest dark -- by reducing the forms of my subject to these large patterns .
For me , these will belong more completely to their surroundings if they are conceived in this early stage , though I freely admit that I do not hesitate to add or eliminate figures on the full sheet when it serves my final purpose .
as a result , such pictures are only a literal translation of what the artist finds in the scene before him .
Out of long experience I have found that incidental figures and other objects like trees , logs , and bushes can be traced from the original sketch and moved about in the major areas on the final sheet until they occupy the right position , which I call clicking .
`` Speed in painting a picture is valid only when it imparts spontaneity and crispness , but unless the artist has lots of experience so that he can control rapid execution , he would do well to take these first sketches and soberly reorder their design to achieve a unified composition .
Often , in working out-of-doors under all conditions of light and atmosphere , a particular passage that looked favorable in relation to the subject will be too bright , too dull , or too light , or too dark when viewed indoors in a mat .
When this occurs , I make the change on the sketch or on the final watercolor -- if I have been working on a full sheet in the field .
`` When working from one of my sketches I square it up and project its linear form freehand to the watercolor sheet with charcoal .
When this linear draft is completed , I dust it down to a faint image .
In analyzing the watercolors of Roy Mason , the first thing that comes to mind is their essential decorativeness , yet this word has such a varied connotation that it needs some elaboration here .
Unlike many decorative patterns that present a static flat convention , this artist's pictures are full of atmosphere and climate .
When painting , Mason's physical eyes are half-closed , while his mind's eye is wide open , and this circumstance accounts in part for the impression he wishes to convey .
It is for this reason that Roy avoids selecting subjects that require specific recognition of place for their enjoyment .
The artist was born in Gilbert Mills , New York , in 1886 , and until two years ago when he and his wife moved to California , he lived in western New York , in Batavia .
When I looked up the actual date of his birth and found it to be March 15th , I realized that Roy was born under the right zodiacal sign for a watercolorist : the water sign of Pisces ( February 18 thru March 20 ) .
And how very often a water plane is featured in his landscapes , and how appropriate that he should appear in American Artist again , in his natal month of March ! !
But why gymnastics at all ? ?
But if it is important , what can we do to improve ourselves ? ?
It is more than just lack of dance training that is our problem , for just as gymnastics can learn from dance , dance has some very important things to learn from gymnastics .
It is made up of tumbling , which might be said to start with a somersault , run through such stunts as headstands , handstands , cartwheels , backbends , and culminate in nearly impossible combinations of aerial flips and twists and apparatus work .
The addition of endurance training later , when the body is mature enough to benefit from it without danger of injury , provides that final quality that makes the top athlete , soldier or citizen .
) In most sports , as in most walks of life , the angels are on the side of those who begin young , and the Russian competitor of 16 has at least thirteen years of training behind him .
If a nation wished to get a head start in physical fitness over all other nations , it would start its kindergarten students on a program of gymnastics the day they entered and thus eliminate a large number of the problems that plague American schools .
Certainly there would be less anxiety , fewer accidents ( it is the clumsy child who sustains the worst injuries ) , and higher scholastic averages , since alert children work better .
Russia knows this , and that is why there were over 800,000 competing for places as candidates for the Olympic gymnastic team .
And what has dancing to do with all this ? ?
To be fit , one has to start early with young children , and today the only person who really reaches such children is the teacher of dance .
If the dance teachers of America make it their business to prepare their young charges for the gymnastics that must come some day if our schools are really responsible , we will be that much ahead .
There should be youngsters who know how to do a headstand , and also how to help other children learn it .
They should know simple exercises that could prepare less fortunate children for the sports we will demand be taught .
Dance teachers can respond to President Kennedy's request not only through their regular dance work , but also through the kind of basic gymnastic work that makes for strength and flexibility .
This isn't surprising when we consider that over 29 percent of the 11-year-old boys in America cannot chin themselves once , and that English school girls outdo them in almost every test ( even dashes and endurance ) .
The only area in which American boys hold their own is the baseball throw .
It should be installed over a door that is in full view of everyone , and a chair should be placed under it , a little to one side .
Those children who can chin themselves should be told to do one chin-up each time they pass under it .
Those who are too weak , should climb on the chair and , starting at the top of the chin , let themselves slowly down .
When they can take ten seconds to accomplish the descent , they will have the strength to chin-up .
Of course those who have developed more will find them easier .
At first each child should do a kick-up by himself so that the teacher can determine those ready to work alone , and those who need help .
some are actually incapable of rolling forward and are completely confused when not sitting or standing upright .
For most small children , learning a forward roll is simply a matter of copying another child who can .
After it has been seen , have the child start on a mat on hands and knees ( a thin , inexpensive mat is quite sufficient for anything that does not require falling ) .
When the child raises his seat into the air , the teacher takes hold under both sides of the pelvis ; ;
then no matter what happens , the child's performance will be controlled .
These are beginnings , but correctly learned they prepare for satisfying and exciting stunts that can be performed by a strong , flexible body ( we are not talking of eccentric extremes ) .
We have noted how some electronic techniques , developed for the defense effort , have evenutally been used in commerce and industry .
When we consider the electronic industry potential for human betterment , the prospect is staggering .
Commonly used electronic devices which are found in practically every hospital are closed-circuit TV and audio systems for internal paging and instruction , along with radiation counters , timers , and similar devices .
In this article we will concentrate on the advances in the application of electronics in bio-medical research laboratories because this is where tomorrow's commonplace equipment originates .
From the wealth of material and the wide variety of different electronic techniques perfected in the past few years we have selected a few examples which appear to be headed for use in the immediate future and which offer completely new tools in medical research .
A completely new insight into living cells and their structure will be possible by use of a new technique which replaces visible light with ultraviolet radiation and combines a microscope with a color-TV system to view the results .
By combining the talents of a medical man , Dr. Aterman , a biophysicist , Mr. Berkely , and an electronics expert , Dr. Zworykin , this novel technique has been developed which promises to open broad avenues to understanding life processes .
Three different wavelengths of ultraviolet radiation are selected by the variable filters placed in front of the three mercury xenon lights which serve as the ultraviolet sources .
The microscope and orthicon are both selected to operate well into the ultraviolet spectrum , which means that all lenses must be quartz .
The video signal is amplified and then switched , in synchronism with the three ultraviolet light sources which are sequenced by the rotating mirror so that during one-twentieth of a second only one wavelength , corresponding to red , green , or blue , is seen .
) This is the same system as was used in the field-sequential color-TV system which preceded the present simultaneous system .
The result is a color picture of the specimen where the primary colors correspond to the three different ultraviolet wavelengths .
Many of the cells and microorganisms which are transparent to visible light , absorb or reflect the much shorter wavelengths of the ultraviolet spectrum .
Where the microscope under visible light may show only vague shadows or nothing at all , ultraviolet illumination and subsequent translation into a color TV picture reveal a wealth of detail .
At the present time the research team which pioneered this new technique is primarily interested in advancing and perfecting it .
The medical title of `` Lobar Ventilation In Man '' by Drs. C. J. Martin and A. C. Young , covers a brief paper which is one part of a much larger effort to apply electronics to the study of the respiratory process .
A group of researchers at the University of Washington have given a paper which briefly outlines some of these techniques .
It is also possible to utilize a pressure transducer , mounted at the end of a catheter which is inserted into the heart's left ventricle , to indicate the blood pressure in the heart itself .
Outputs of the two systems are measured by a pulse-timing circuit and a resistance bridge , followed by a simple analogue computer which feeds a multichannel recorder .
Several years ago headlines were made by a small radio transmitter capsule which could be swallowed by the patient and which would then radio internal pressure data to external receivers .
In this novel arrangement the `` pill '' is much smaller and contains only a resonant circuit in which the capacitor is formed by a pressure-sensing transducer .
Our readers are familiar with the principles of sonar where sound waves are sent out in water and the echoes then indicate submerged objects .
A good example of the results obtainable with ultrasonic radiation is contained in papers presented by Dr. G. Baum who has explored the human eye .
He can diagnose detachment of the retina where conventional methods indicate blindness due to glaucoma .
The total picture is only seen by the camera which integrates the many sector scans over the entire 90-degree rotation period .
His father Soeren was the village apothecary whose slender income made it difficult to feed his family , let alone educate them in a town without even a school .
Whatever Hans or Anders learned separately they passed on to each other ; ;
At 12 , Hans was sufficiently mature to help his father in the apothecary shop , which helped stimulate his interest in medicine and science .
They supplemented their income by small government assistance , by tutoring and economizing wherever they could .
there is a struggle there , in which , if he falls , it is easy for him to rise again , there is freedom of utterance there , which draws after it no irreparable consequences on society .
I lived in this onward-driving contest where each day overcame a new difficulty , gained a new truth , or banished a previous error '' .
He proposed a fresh theory of alkalis which later was accepted in chemical practices .
Hans' student days were at a time when Europe was in a new intellectual ferment following the revolutions in America and in France , Germany and Italy were rising from divisive nationalisms and a strong wave of intellectual awareness was sweeping the Continent .
He also met Count Rumford ( born Benjamin Thompson in Woburn , Mass. ) who was then serving the Elector of Bavaria , and the physicist Ritter ; ;
From Gottingen ( 1801 ) where he stayed for 10 days , he wrote , `` The first question asked everywhere is about galvanism .
With Ritter he was exposed to the fantastic profusion of ideas that stormed through his host's fertile but disorganized mind .
Oersted remodeled Ritter's notes into an essay in French which was submitted to the Institut De France for its annual prize of 3,000 francs .
In May , 1803 , Ritter , in another flight of fancy , wrote to Oersted a letter that contained a remarkable prophecy .
Ritter proceeded , `` You now emerge into a new epoch in which late in the year 1819 or 1820 , you will have to reckon .
He was , however , fortunate in his contact with Prof. J. G. L. Manthey ( 1769-1842 ) , teacher of chemistry , who , in addition to his academic chair , was also proprietor of the `` Lion Pharmacy '' in Copenhagen where Oersted assisted him .
Manthey maintained a valuable collection of physical and chemical apparatus which was at Oersted's disposal during and after his graduation .
He assumed his academic career with the same intensity and thoroughness that had marked every step in his rise from boyhood .
But in such an important question , we would be satisfied if the judgment were that the principal objection to the identity of forces which produce electricity and magnetism were only a difficulty , and not a thing which is contrary to it .
One could also add to these analogies that steel loses its magnetism by heat , which proves that steel becomes a better conductor through a rise in temperature , just as electrical bodies do .
He devised a detonating fuse in which a short wire was caused to glow by an electric current .
It was with the assistance of one of the members of this expedition , Lauritz Esmarch , that Oersted succeeded in producing light by creating an electric discharge in mercury vapor through which an electric current was made to flow .
Together they also developed a new form of voltaic cell in which the wooden trough was replaced by one of copper , thereby producing stronger currents .
Esmarch was among those who witnessed Oersted's first demonstration of his discovery .
Electrical literature contained numerous references to lightning that had magnetized iron and had altered the polarity of compass needles .
Beccaria had almost stumbled on a lead to the relationship between electricity and magnetism when a discharge from a Leyden jar was sent transversally through a piece of watch-spring steel making its ends magnetic .
The resulting magnetic effect proved stronger than when the discharge was made lengthwise .
The sequence of events leading to his important discovery still remains ambiguous but it seems that one of the advanced students at the university related that the first direct event that led to the publication of Oersted's discovery occurred during a private lecture made before a group of other advanced students in the spring of 1820 .
Knowing specifically what the many feed additives can do and how and when to feed them can make a highly competitive business more profitable for beef , dairy , and sheep men .
The target chart quickly and briefly tells you which additives do what .
What it does :
Effectively controls cattle grubs which damage hides and can reduce gains .
Why ? ?
Given this kind of business climate , what competitive marketing problems will your company face in the next 10 yrs. ? ?
Based on our experience with clients , , we see 14 major problems which fall into three broad groups -- the market place itself , marketing methods , and marketing management .
Have cost studies been made of every phase of your operation to determine what might be done if things get worse ? ?
To the manufacturer of the more convenient-type product -- the purchase of which can be switched , delayed , or put off entirely -- the implications are important .
In the area of private label competition , it is logical to expect a continuation of trends which have been under way during the first decade .
As mass dealer and distributor organizations grow in size , there is every reason to expect them to try to share in the manufacturer's as well as the distributor's profits -- which is , in effect , what the sale of private brands tends to do .
If private brand competition hasn't been felt in your product field as yet , have you thought how you will cope with it if and when it does appear ? ?
How can you cash in on this fast-growing type of outlet and still maintain relationships with older existing outlets which are still important ? ?
If you have a higher-quality product , how can you make it stand out -- justify its premium price -- without the spoken word ? ?
Have you carefully examined the selling techniques which best suit your products ? ?
Distribution costs are almost bound to increase in the sixties -- and you will never know what you can do to control them unless you study each element and experiment with alternative ways of doing the job .
How much fundamental thinking and research has your company done on its advertising program ? ?
Are there individuals in your organization who can shepherd a new product through to commercialization ; ;
who can develop reliable estimates of sales volume , production , and distribution costs ; ;
and translate the whole into profit and loss and balance sheet figures which management can act on with some assurance ? ?
Has your company developed selection and training processes that are geared to providing the caliber of salesmen you will need in the next 10 yrs. ? ?
Solutions frequently suggest themselves when you accurately pinpoint your problems , whether they be in the market , in marketing methods or in marketing management .
Ordinary politeness may have militated against this opinion being stated so badly but anyone with a wide acquaintance in both groups and who has sat through the many round tables , workshops or panel discussions -- whatever they are called -- on this subject will recognize that the final , boiled down crux of the matter is education .
The element of public danger which enters so largely into architectural certification , however , would demand a prolonged study of structure .
The real question that follows is -- how are those four years used and what is their value as training ? ?
One or two of the schools have a five year curriculum , but the usual pattern of American education has limited most of them to the four-year plan which seems to be the minimum in acceptable institutions .
To begin with , what is an interior designer ? ?
In addition to this the U. S. Civil Service Bureau , when examining applicants for government positions as interior designers , expects that `` when various needed objects are not obtainable on the market he will design them .
Working in a vacuum of minimal information can result only in show pieces that look good in exhibitions and catalogs and may please the public relations department but have little to do with the essence of interior design .
It is possible , of course , to work on extant or projected buildings where either architect or owner will explain their necessities so that the student may get `` the feel '' of real interior design demands .
It is like medical schools in India where , in that fairy-land of religious inhibition , the dissection of dead bodies is frowned upon .
The professor in turn dares not tolerate the influence in his classes of an organization in the policies and standards of which he has no voice .
This seems somewhat shortsighted since if the absolute educational qualifications for membership which the organizations profess are ever enforced , the educator will have the molding of the entire profession in his hands .
When these groups were first formed many prominent and accomplished decorators could not have had the advantage of school training since interior design courses were rare and undeveloped during their youth .
It is discouraging for students to realize that the societies do not truly uphold the standards for which they are supposed to stand .
The local decorator who rushes in for a few hours of teaching may but more likely may not have these qualifications .
We must build a corps of highly professional teachers of interior design who have had education , experience in the profession and are willing to take on the usual accompaniments of teaching -- minimal income and minimal status among their confreres .
For proper accreditation of schools , teachers in any course must have a degree at least one level above that for which the student is a candidate .
How long has it been since you reviewed the objectives of your benefit and service program ? ?
What effort do you make to assess results of your program ? ?
Are there other , cheaper communications techniques that could be substituted ? ?
When improvements are recommended in working conditions -- such as lighting , rest rooms , eating facilities , air-conditioning -- do you try to set a measure of their effectiveness on productivity ? ?
When negotiating with your union , do you make sure employees have a choice between new benefits and their cents-per-hour cost in wages .
Do your employees understand all the benefits to which your insurance entitles them ? ?
When did you last compare your present premium costs with the costs of insurance from other sources ? ?
What are the possibilities for operating your cafeteria for a single shift only and relying upon vending machines or prepackaged sandwiches for the second- and third-shift operations ? ?
Are your expenses in this area commensurate with the number of employees who benefit from your program ? ?
Have you audited your program recently to weed out those phases that draw least participation ? ?
Are you spending too much money on team uniforms that benefit only a few employees ? ?
How efficient and necessary are your intra-company vehicles ? ?
Which is more economical for your plant -- a vacation shutdown or spaced vacations that require extra employees for vacation fill-ins ? ?
What can your sales and purchasing departments do to curtail orders , shipments , and receipts during vacation shutdown periods ? ?
What sort of effort do you make to assure that older or disabled workers are fully productive ? ?
If you have a full-time doctor now , can he be replaced with a part-time doctor or one who serves on a fee-per-case basis only ? ?
Can your plant nurse be replaced by a trained first-aid man who works full-time on some other assignment ? ?
If you have an annual or regular physical examination program , is it worth what it is costing you ? ?
Consider what you can afford to spend and what your goals are before setting up or revamping your employee benefit program .
How old is your working force ? ?
In what section of the country are you located ? ?
If you want credit for your employee services program , let your workers know what they're entitled to .
Hallmark Cards , Inc. , Kansas City , Mo. , has a do-it-yourself quiz game called `` Benefit Bafflers '' , which it distributes to employees .
Use deductable insurance wherever feasible .
It can put an end to marginal claims which play havoc with your insurance rates .
Don't go overboard on insurance that pays benefits only upon death .
Generally , your employee will greatly appreciate benefits that protect him during his working life or during retirement .
In granting bereavement leaves , specify the maximum time off and list what the worker's relation to the deceased must be to qualify .
Thus , you avoid headaches when an employee wants off for his fourth cousin's funeral .
And they can at least collect the money they put in , plus interest , when they leave the company .
Make sure you don't pay for holidays that occur when an employee would not otherwise be working .
Consider adopting a system of holidays in which time off is granted with an eye to minimum inconvenience to the operation of the plant .
And with the shutdown method there will be no argument as to who gets the choice vacation dates .
The group known as the American Association for Health , , Physical Education , and Recreation ( a division of the National Education Association ) initiated a conference which brought together representatives of the National Rifle Association , SAAMI and the American Fishing Tackle Manufacturers .
This meeting was called to determine how these groups might cooperate to launch what is known as the Outdoor Education Project .
Personnel assigned through the shooting development program have proudly participated in over 53 state and regional workshops , at which hundreds of school administrators , teachers , professors , and recreational leaders have been introduced to Outdoor Education .
SAAMI's field men have served as consultants and/or have participated in 75 Teen Hunter Club activities which have reached over 40,000 enthusiastic young Americans .
Are you looking ahead to the exploding market of millions of American boys and girls , who will grow up to enjoy a traditional American way of life -- ranging the fields with a fine American gun and uniformly excellent ammunition ? ?
With the whole camp exposed to view we could see the variety of canvas shelters in which Americans are camping now .
No one knows where it will stop .
Almost every official who reflects on it thinks this movement of Americans to canvas dwellings opens one of the most promising of all outdoor markets .
You read various guesses on how many Americans are camping .
The number depends on who is talking at the moment .
Harassed state park officials often have more campers than they know what to do with .
The National Park Service hopes by 1966 to have 30,000 campsites available for 100,000 campers a day -- almost twice what there are at present .
They come prepared for family fun because Americans in ever-growing numbers are learning that here is the way to a fine economical vacation that becomes a family experience of lasting importance .
What does the camping couple do to this set of figures ? ?
Where Americans used to think of a single vacation each summer , they now think about how many vacations they can have .
But it would also be a mistake for them not to realize how comfortable camping has become .
And this helps explain why so many people are now going camping .
Throughout history , the man who showed superior performance has become the commander of others -- for good or bad .
Since the Industrial Revolution , when factories emerged , this classical pattern has been followed .
There have always been tales of disillusionment -- the competent technician who became an administrator , willingly or not , and found he didn't like it ; ;
the scientist who rebelled against the personnel and paper work ; ;
and much more commonly in recent years , the engineer who found that other duties interfered with -- or eliminated -- his engineering contributions .
There have been many extremely competent men who have been converted into very incompetent managers or submerged in paper work , to their own and the public's dissatisfaction and loss .
What can be done for the `` individual contributor '' who is extremely important -- and likely to be more so -- in the operation of the technically oriented company ? ?
This difficulty arises even though we can give examples of men who have actually followed this course .
In the paragraphs that follow , we quote from 32 men who are identified on the final page .
there is no one point in a man's career at which he must select either the technical or the managerial path upward .
Actually , there are a number of individual-contributor positions in both operating departments and in the company-wide `` services '' operation that are filled by men with successful managerial experience who are currently broadening their capabilities .
Harold E. Strang , expert in switchgear design , for a long period vp & gm of the Measurements & Industrial Products Division , and who currently , approaching retirement , is vice-president and consulting engineer in the Switchgear & Control Division .
Many companies have systems , particularly in R & D , which work more or less well , depending upon size and actual belief in the policy on the part of administration , as will be abundantly apparent in subsequent quotations .
Another factor that may hold hope is for parallel recognition is , as one man says it : `` that the fad for educating top people along managerial lines is yielding to the technically trained approach '' .
This reflects the very heavy engineering content of the products -- which are not military .
`` We have over 20 divisions -- each of which has an engineering department headed by a chief engineer .
Part of this headquarters staff , however , are engineering managers who work between divisional chief engineers and headquarters management .
and many are engineers who have been advanced from the divisions .
`` We do not have people in our organization termed ' consultants ' or ' fellows ' , who are specialists in one particular technical subject .
The only ' fellows ' in our company are those who have been honored by ASME , AIEE or AIChE .
I am sure that the engineer who enters management is nearly always opening the door to greater possibilities than he would have as a technical specialist -- because of his wider accountability '' .
We have these positions , which compare directly : Af
The latter jobs include major management responsibilities and have been filled by those who have come up primarily through the engineering-management side .
The primary deterrent appears to lie with the technical people themselves , and their concept of what constitutes status in present-day society .
Scientists who agitate hardest for technical recognition are often the most reluctant to accept it .
With no set standards , there is the tendency to promote to the next highest level when the top of a salary band is reached regardless of performance .
`` We have two approaches for the technical man : the position of staff engineer , which is rated as high in salary as department manager ; ;
These are only halfway measures , and the answer will come when some way is found to allow the technical man in industry to progress without limit in salary and prestige '' .
We also have an ' engineering section head -- research engineer ' classification which has salary possibilities equivalent to that of a research engineer .
This function is staffed by engineers chosen for their technical competence and who have the title , member of the technical staff .
Contrary to usual organization-position evaluations , the position to which research-staff members report administratively will not necessarily encompass the duties of the research-staff member , therefore , are not necessarily evaluated as highly .
`` These recent steps do not offer the possibility of extension to the great number of senior engineers who have displayed technical competence .
Fundamental to the difficulty of creating the desired prestige is the fact that , in the business community , prestige and status are conferred in proportion to the authority that one man has over others and the extent of which he participates in the management functions '' .
Sixty miles north of New York City where the wooded hills of Dutchess County meet the broad sweep of the Hudson River there is a new home development called `` Oakwood Heights '' .
Its oil for heating is metered monthly to each home from a line that starts at a central storage point .
Not a year goes by but what several local companies in the U.S. and Canada , even overseas , write to Fueloil & Oil Heat to inquire if it's feasible and where it is being done .
A new low capacity meter is the key that unlocks the situation at Oakwood Heights .
When a family buys a home the title is subject to a perpetual easement to Tri-State .
How does Tri-State get its revenue from this plan ? ?
The officers of the new corporation have naturally explored many angles , as well as personalities that might be affected .
For example , the officials of Poughkeepsie town ( township ) where the project is located think highly of it because it simplifies their snow clearing problem .
He believes that this is a sound approach to gas competition in builder developments where gas is available .
But in a new development where everything starts from scratch the solutions are simple .
What does Tri-State actually want to do , now that it has the meters under franchise and certain phases of its piping system in the `` patent applied for '' stage ? ?
Take precautions now , to be sure you avoid those unpleasant and costly heat breakdowns when the temperature zooms this summer .
There's a good chance you are doubling on some coverage , not taking discounts coming to you and not cutting some corners that can be cut .
Look for these features which may mean you can save :
For example , don't pay in a truck policy for medical coverage that you may be paying for in a health and accident policy .
Designers of signs and displays have shown a refreshing approach to the adaptation of plastics that has influenced the workings of other industries .
There is much that many industries can continue to learn from some of the more recent developments described below .
The concept of trans-illumination ( as shown by the photo on p. 92 ) , as just one example , offers an entirely new approach to lighting problems -- no matter what industry is involved .
What accounts for the rapid growth of plastics in the sign and display field ? ?
Out of many factors which might be cited , five are most important : 1 .
They offer exceptional design freedom , making it possible to incorporate contours and details which give free range to the talents of the designer .
Of interest is a recent announcement by Du Pont's Polychemicals Dept. of a new methyl methacrylate monomer designated as Monocite H 100 , which was developed specifically for production of cast acrylic sheets for the sign and lighting industry .
New to the field is a duplex type butyrate laminate in which the two sheets of the laminate are of different color .
For outdoor signs and displays , where the problem of weathering resistance is no longer a factor , the choice of plastics is almost unlimited .
The film has an adhesive on the back which permits it to be stripped onto the acrylic panels forming the sign , and also to be stripped off for replacement by new copy as required .
The triangles automatically revolve in a cycle which permits 9 sec. of viewing time for each poster subject .
Perhaps the best way to indicate the versatility of design that characterizes the use of plastics in signs and displays would be to look at what is happening in only one of the areas in this complex field -- changeable signs .
Poster Products Inc. , Chicago , Ill. : a changeable copy and display sign which consists of an extruded impact styrene background in choice of colors , onto which are mounted snap-in letters , figures , or words screened on acetate or other types of sheet stock .
The background , which is available in various widths and continuous lengths , is extruded with parallel undercut grooves which grip the flexible letters securely .
Ideal for merchandising use , they are weather-resistant , and have mounting pegs on the back which fit into openings in a vacuum-formed waffle-pattern background panel .
Also available from this company are Snug-Grip Plasti-Bars , extruded of transparent acrylic material , which may be cemented to any corrugated acrylic background material .
Finished signs are produced by sliding the separate letter panels into channels of 0.025-in. aluminum , which may be mounted to various surfaces .
On large-area units , where additional structural requirements are imposed , one recent approach utilizes modular extruded or formed channels ( e.g. right-angled corrugations ) of the acrylic or butyrate .
It makes materials handling the only construction cost that ( like earthmoving and roadbuilding ) should be lower today than in 1929 .
It changes the answers to `` Who should do what , and where '' ? ?
It lessens the need for costly on-site fabrication and increases the chance for shop fabrication , where almost everything can be made better and cheaper .
It changes the answers on when to do what at the site .
But now many of these same builders are finding they can cut their costs more by teaming up with a dealer who has volume enough to afford the most efficient specialized equipment to deliver everything just where it is needed -- drywall inside the house , siding along the sides , trusses on the walls , roofing on the roof , etc. .
Almost all of the 3,000 lumber dealers who cater primarily to the new-house market and supply 90% of this year's new houses are mechanized .
There are few areas left where a builder cannot find a dealer equipped to save him money by delivering everything at lower cost just where his workmen will need it .
later came a 1961 cut on the West Coast ( still pending elsewhere ) of $.07/cwt on 70,000 lb-plus carloads ( which works out to more than $4/mbf on that portion of the load in excess of 70,000 lb .
Says NRLDA's James Wright : `` Since 1958 carriers that move material from the yard to the job site have undergone more radical changes than any of the dealer's other equipment '' .
Half the manhours you pay for on most jobs are wasted because the job was not planned right , so the right tools were not handy at the right place at the right time , or the right materials were not delivered to the handiest spots or materials were not stacked in the right order for erection , or you bought cheap materials that took too long to fit , or your workmen had to come back twice to finish a job they could have done on one trip .
We found that wherever you can use two teams on a job , five men , not four , is the magic number '' .
No house was ever built that could not have been built better for less if the work had been better planned and the work better scheduled .
Green lumber was all very well back in the days of wet plaster , when the framing lumber was bound to swell and then shrink as tons of water dried out the gypsum .
There comes a time in the lives of most of us when we want to be alone .
Following a guide , and gratefully so , is an excellent way to see all the important places when everything is strange and new .
And you don't meet the folks from home in Northwest Spain which has remained almost untouched by time and tourists since the Middle Ages .
And what better way to end a day than by dining with artists and gourmets in a squat but charming fisherman's village on the Mediterranean ? ?
For those who need or want and can afford another car , buying one and driving it on the grand tour , then shipping it home , is one popular plan for a do-it-yourself pilgrimage .
Then , of course , there are those of us who either do not want or need or cannot afford another car .
With few exceptions , your car will be waiting for you at dockside , airport , railroad station or hotel when you arrive , oftentimes at no additional cost .
The disadvantages to this method are that you may not have as great a choice of models readily available or you may have to wait a few days or , during the busy tourist season , when cars are in great demand , you might find it fairly difficult to get a car at all .
Since charges are relatively the same , reserving a car before you leave for Europe will assure you of having one on tap when you want it .
For those who plan to travel to Europe by one route and return by another some agencies offer a service whereby you can pick up a car in one city on arrival and leave it in another city , or even another country , when you are ready to return home .
At some cities , this pick-up and delivery service is without additional charge , and , if you are budget-wise , when you are planning your itinerary , you will take advantage of these free delivery and collection stations in major cities within the larger European countries .
Your insurance , too , with most agencies , is provided with the car , covering comprehensive fire , theft , liability and collision with a deductible clause which varies in different countries .
It is well to bear in mind that gasoline will cost from $.80 to $.90 for the equivalent of a United States gallon and while you might prefer a familiar Ford , Chevrolet or even a Cadillac , which are available in some countries , it is probably wiser to choose the smaller European makes which average thirty , thirty-five and even forty miles to the gallon .
The basic costs are generally pretty much the same regardless of the agency through which you reserve your car , but some of them offer supplementary advantages .
Quite naturally , there is a greater availability of those models which are manufactured within a specific country .
If you would like to start your tour in Italy , where the rental fees are actually the lowest in Europe , Fiats in all sizes are available , as are Alfa Romeo Giulietta models .
If you will be using your car more than fifteen days , which isn't all unlikely , the daily rates drop quite sharply to $.86 a day for the Fiat 500 and to an infinitesimal $.30 a day for the Fiat 2100 Station Wagon .
You will be entitled to all the advantages of a new car owner , which includes the factory guarantee and the services valid at authorized dealers throughout Europe .
Further , there is no mileage charge or mileage limitations when you lease a car , and you pay only the flat monthly rate plus a nominal charge for documents and insurance since the car is registered and insured individually for your trip .
There is a fairly wide selection of models of English , German and French manufacture from which you can choose from the very small Austin 7 , Citroen 2 CV , Volkswagens , Renaults to the 6-passenger Simca Beaulieu .
Still there is a way for those who want to see some of the back country of Europe by car .
The big spread is in the charge for each kilometer driven , being governed by the rate at which gasoline is consumed .
If you drive greater distances than that , you'll just be skimming the surface and will never discover the enchantment , fascination and beauty which lured you in the first place to explore the hinterlands .
In American romance , almost nothing rates higher than what the movie men have called `` meeting cute '' -- that is , boy-meets-girl seems more adorable if it doesn't take place in an atmosphere of correct and acute boredom .
In other words , like automation machines designed to work in tandem , they shared the same programming , a mutual understanding not only of English words , but of the four stresses , pitches , and junctures that can change their meaning from black to white .
but consider , if you can bear it , what might have happened if MacArthur , for some perverse , undaunted reason , had made the same remark to an Eskimo girl in Eskimo .
This basic principle , the first in a richly knotted bundle , was conveyed to me by Dr. Henry Lee Smith , Jr. , at the University of Buffalo , where he heads the world's first department of anthropology and linguistics .
A brisk , amusing man , apparently constructed on an ingenious system of spring-joints attuned to the same peppery rhythm as his mind , Smith began his academic career teaching speech to Barnard girls -- a project considerably enlivened by his devotion to a recording about `` a young rat named Arthur , who never could make up his mind '' .
It is only fairly recently , however , that linguists have developed a systematic way of charting voices on paper in a way that tells even more about the speakers and about the success or failure of human communication between two people .
In the early 1950's , Smith , together with his distinguished colleague , George Trager ( so austerely academic he sometimes fights his own evident charm ) , and a third man with the engaging name of Birdwhistell ( Ray ) , agreed on some basic premises about the three-part process that makes communication : ( 1 ) words or language ( 2 ) paralanguage , a set of phenomena including laughing , weeping , voice breaks , and `` tone '' of voice , and ( 3 ) kinesics , the technical name for gestures , facial expressions , and body shifts -- nodding or shaking the head , `` talking '' with one's hands , et cetera .
Smith's first workout with stresses , pitches , and junctures was based on mother , which spells , in our culture , a good deal more than bread alone .
For example , if you are a reasonably well-adjusted person , there are certain ways that are reasonable and appropriate for addressing your mother .
this is a `` fade '' ending , and what you have here is a downtalking style of speech , expressing something less than conventional respect for mother .
The joint investigations of linguistics and psychiatry have established , in point of fact , that no matter what the subject of conversation is or what words are involved , it is impossible for people to talk at all without telling over and over again what sort of people they are and how they relate to the rest of the world .
Some of the earliest recordings , made in the 1940's demonstrated that psychiatrists reacted immediately to anger and anxiety in the sound track , whereas written records of the same interview offered far fewer cues to therapy which -- if they were at all discernible in print -- were picked up only by the most skilled and sensitive experts .
In a general way , psychiatrists were able to establish on a wide basis what many of them had always felt -- that the most telling cues in psychotherapy are acoustic , that such things as stress and nagging are transmitted by sound alone and not necessarily by words .
At a minimum , recording -- usually on tape , which is now in wide professional use -- brings the psychiatric interview alive so that the full range of emotion and meaning can be explored repeatedly by the therapist or by a battery of therapists .
Newest to this high-powered battery are the experts in linguistics who have carried that minimum to a new level .
Linguistic charting of the transcribed interview flags points where the patient's voice departs from expected norms .
His esoteric chartings of the voice alert the therapist to areas where deeper probing may bring to light underlying psychological difficulties , making them apparent first to the therapist and eventually to the patient .
In one now-historic first interview , for example , the transcript ( reproduced from the book , The First Five Minutes ) goes like this : The therapist's level tone is bland and neutral -- he has , for example , avoided stressing `` you '' , which would imply disapproval ; ;
or surprise , which would set the patient apart from other people .
aside from her specifically regional accent , she reveals by the use of the triad , `` irritable , tense , depressed '' , a certain pedantic itemization that indicates she has some familiarity with literary or scientific language ( i.e. , she must have had at least a high-school education ) , and she is telling a story she has mentally rehearsed some time before .
Interestingly enough -- although none of the real-life therapists involved could conceivably compare with Blauberman -- when groups of them began playing back interviews , they discovered any number of ways in which they wanted to polish their own interview techniques ; ;
to spot these giveaways the therapist must know either intuitively or scientifically how to listen .
Naturally , the patient does not say , `` I hate my father '' , or `` Sibling rivalry is what bugs me '' .
What he does do is give himself away by communicating information over and above the words involved .
The word that is not used can be as important as the word that is used ; ;
When someone says , for example , `` They took x-rays to see that there was nothing wrong with me '' , it pays to consider how this statement would normally be made .
( This patient , in actuality , was a neurasthenic who had almost come to the point of accepting the fact that it was not her soma but her psyche that was the cause of her difficulty .
) Amateur linguists note here that Pursewarden , in Durrell's Alexandria Quartet , stammered when he spoke of his wife , which is hardly surprising in view of their disastrous relationship .
She was the John Harvey , one of those Atlantic sea-horses that had sailed to Bari to bring beans , bombs , and bullets to the U.S. Fifteenth Air Force , to Field Marshal Montgomery's Eighth Army then racing up the calf of the boot of Italy in that early December of 1943 .
The John Harvey arrived in Bari , a port on the Adriatic , on November 28th , making for Porto Nuovo , which , as the name indicates , was the ancient city's new and modern harbor .
If anyone thought of the John Harvey , it was to observe that she was straddled by a pair of ships heavily laden with high explosive and if they were hit the John Harvey would likely be blown up with her own ammo and whatever else it was that she carried .
Which was poison gas .
It would be made in three waves -- the first to lay down a smokescreen , the second to drop the gas bombs , the third to shower incendiaries which would burn everything below .
Thus , in the immemorial way -- in the way of the right hand that knows and the left that does not -- was the stage set for tragedy at Bari .
Even though it was known that the Luftwaffe in the north was now being directed by the young and energetic General Peltz , the commander who would conduct the `` Little Blitz '' on London in 1944 , a major raid on Bari at this juncture of the war was not to be considered seriously .
What would his guns guide on then -- the North Star ? ?
Ensign Vesole decided that he would not tarry until he heard the whispering of the bombs , and when night began to fall , he put Seaman 2/c Donald L. Norton and Seaman 1/c William A. Rochford on the guns and told them to start shooting the moment they saw an enemy silhouette .
Richardson wondered when it would be unloaded .
Richardson had returned their departing grins with the noncommittal nod that is the security officer's stock in trade .
But how could -- ? ?
It was `` window '' -- the tinsel paper dropped by bombers to jam radar sets , to fill the scope with hundreds of blips that would seem to be approaching bombers .
After the first two were blacked out , the third light was abandoned by a terrified Italian crew , who left their light to shine for nine minutes like an unerring homing beacon until British MP's shot it out .
There is a pause in the merriment as your friends gaze at you , wondering why you are staring , open-mouthed in amazement .
I can't tell when , but I'm positive I witnessed this same scene of this particular gathering at some time in the past '' ! !
Emerson , in his lecture , refers to the `` startling experience which almost every person confesses in daylight , that particular passages of conversation and action have occurred to him in the same order before , whether dreaming or waking , a suspicion that they have been with precisely these persons in precisely this room , and heard precisely this dialogue , at some former hour , they know not when '' .
In this manner they side-step the seemingly hopeless investigation of the greater depths of mystery in which all of us grope continually .
When a man recognizes a certain experience as the exact pattern of a previous dream , we have an instance of deja vue , except for the fact that he knows just why the experience seems familiar .
Occasionally there are examples of pre-vision which cannot be pushed aside without confessing an unscientific attitude .
One day Maeterlinck , coming with a friend upon an event which he recognized as the exact pattern of a previous dream , detailed the ensuing occurrences in advance so accurately that his companion was completely mystified .
Rudyard Kipling's scorn for the `` jargon '' of psychical research was altered somewhat when he wondered `` how , or why , had I been shown an unreleased roll of my life film '' ? ?
One day when he attended a war memorial ceremony in Westminster Abbey his view was obstructed by a stout man on his left , his attention turned to the irregular pattern of the rough slab flooring and someone , clasping him by the arm , whispered , `` I want a word with you , please '' .
However , readers who accept Freud's findings and believe that he has solved completely the mystery of dreams , should ponder over the following words in his Interpretation Of Dreams , Chapter 1 : :
As `` a matter of fact no such complete solution of the dream has ever been accomplished in any case , , and what is more , every one attempting such solution has found that in most cases there have remained a great many components of the dream the source of which he has been unable to explain nor is the discussion closed on the subject of the mantic or prophetic power of dreams '' .
The basic mystery of dreams , which embraces all the others and challenges us from even the most common typical dream , is in the fact that they are original , visual continuities .
I recall the startling , vivid realism of a dream in which I lived through the horror of the bombing of a little Korean town .
And when psychology explains glibly , `` but the subconscious mind is able to produce it '' it refers to a mental region so vaguely identified that it may embrace the entire universal mind as conceivably as part of the individual mind .
The question becomes , `` What is a dream '' ? ?
Every dream , and this is true of a mental image of any type even though it may be readily interpreted into its equivalent of wakeful thought , is a psychic phenomenon for which no explanation is available .
But these are dreamed in original action , in some particular continuity which we don't remember having seen in real life .
Dreams that display events of the future with photographic detail call for a theory explaining their basic mystery and all its components , including that weird feeling of deja vue , inevitably fantastic though that theory must seem .
But then this theory confesses that it is completely at a loss as to how the image can possibly be received by the brain .
But why is it necessary to reproduce the retinal image within the brain ? ?
As retinal images are conceded to be an integral function of the brain it seems logical to suppose that the nerves , between the inner brain and the eyes , carry the direct drive for cooperation from the various brain centers -- rather than to theorize on the transmission of an image which is already in required location .
Hereby , the external object viewed by the eyes remains the thing that is seen , not the retinal image , the purpose of which would be to achieve perceptive cooperation by stirring sympathetic impulses in the other sensory centers , motor tensions , associated word symbols , and consciousness .
We know that the number of radio and television impulses , sound waves , ultra-violet rays , etc. , that may occupy the very same space , each solitary upon its own frequency , is infinite .
If the fourth dimension is a physical concept and not purely metaphysical , through what medium does it extend ? ?
Three seconds flat is the usual time , and the space is crossed by moderate mileage , while the overwhelming immensity of such journeys must be conceived as a static pulsation through an enormous number of coexistent frequencies which perpetuate all events .
The senses in each counterpart bear the impression only of phenomena that share its own frequency , whereas those upon all other frequencies are invisible , inaudible and intactible to them .
Consciousness is the factor that provides the progressive continuity to sensory impressions .
When consciousness deserts the sleeping body and the wakeful world , it continues in the myriad progressions of the ever-present past and future , in a life as vibrant and real as the one left when the body tired and required sleep .
If the photographically realistic continuity of dreams , however bizarre their combinations , denies that it is purely a composition of the brain , it must be compounded from views of diverse realities , although some of them may never be encountered in what we are pleased to call the real life .
But , in denying any physical reality for this dream , how could the brain possibly compose that realistic , vividly visual continuity uninterrupted by misty fadeout , violent break or sudden substitution ? ?
Which theory is more fantastic : 1 .
That the dream was a reality on the infinite progressions of universal , gradient frequencies , across which the modern professor and the priest of ancient Nippur met ? ?
When we arrive at the events concerned in the vanished majority , they , of course , cannot impress us as anything familiar .
Nevertheless , there are notably frequent instances of deja vue , in which our recognition of an entirely novel event is a feeling of having lived through it before , a feeling which , though vague , withstands the verbal barrage from the most impressive corps of psychologists .
Chauncey Depew , one-time runner-up for the Republican Presidential nomination , was attending a convention at Saratoga , where he was scheduled to nominate Colonel Theodore Roosevelt for Governor of New York when he noticed that the temporary chairman was a man he had never met .
After the preliminary business affair was finished Depew arose and delivered the convincing speech that clinched the nomination for Roosevelt .
He remembered exactly when he had lived through it before , and he had something to prove he had .
Because the food is selected with thought for its nutritional value , care for its origin , and prepared in a manner that retains the most nutrients , the food does taste good .
When served in a psychological atmosphere that allows young bodies to assimilate the greatest good from what they eat because they are free from tension , a foundation is laid for a high level of health that releases the children from physical handicaps to participate with enjoyment in the work assignments , the athletic programs and the most important phase , the educational opportunities .
To him this means caring for the whole child , providing basic nutrition , and a spiritual attitude that lends freedom for the development of the mind .
Where a growing season may , with luck , allow 60 days without frost , and where the soil is poor , sandy , quick-drying and subject to erosion , many farmers fail .
`` To give up these notions required a revolution in thought '' , Mr. Clark said in reminiscing about the abrupt changes in ideas he experienced when he began reading `` Organic Gardening '' And `` Modern Nutrition '' in a search for help with his problems .
He locked his equipment in a cabinet where it still remains .
Soon after the method changed , visitors began asking how he managed to irrigate his soil to keep it looking moist , when in reality , it was the soil treatment alone that accomplished this .
`` People and soils respond slowly '' , says Walter Clark , `` but the time has now come when the gardens produce delicious long-keeping vegetables due to this enrichment program .
When the chance came , they first eliminated cold cereal once a week , then gradually converted to hot fresh-ground cereal every day .
Occasionally , the children find steamed , whole-wheat grains for cereal which they call `` buckshot '' .
When they leave for vacations they miss the hot cereal .
The school has received letters from parents asking , `` What happened to Johnny ? ?
Where can we get this cereal he likes so much '' ? ?
Dried fruits are purchased from sources where they are neither sulphured nor sprayed .
Apples come from a farm in Vermont where they are not sprayed .
The cooking conserves a maximum of the vitamin C content of vegetables by methods which use very little water and cook in the shortest time possible .
Visitors to the school ask what shampoo they use on the children's hair to bring out the sheen .
A plume of smoke rose from a Central Vermont locomotive which idled behind a string of gravel cars , and little figures that were workmen labored to set the ruptured roadbed to rights .
Rain of near cloudburst proportions had fallen for three full days and it was still raining on the morning of Friday , November 4 , 1927 , when officials of the Post Office Department's Railway Mail Service realized that their distribution system for Vermont had been almost totally destroyed overnight .
Clerks and postmasters shoveled muck out of their offices -- those who still had offices -- and wondered how to move the mail .
But what came in was piling up .
When Governor Al Smith offered New York National Guard planes to fly the mail in and out of the state , it seemed a likely temporary solution , easing Burlington's bottleneck and that at Montpelier too .
The question was `` Where to land '' ? ?
The only available field that could be used near flood-ravaged Montpelier was on the Towne farm off upper Main Street , a narrow hillside where takeoffs and landings could be safely made only under light wind conditions .
The first few days Bob Fogg set his plane down on Towne field back of the State House when the wind was right , and used Wilson flat above Barre when it wasn't .
Between the unsafe Towne field and the long roundabout back road haul that was necessary to gain access to Wilson flat , arrangements at the state capital were far from satisfactory .
Each time in , the unhappy pilot , pushing his luck , begged the postal officials that met him to find a safer landing place , preferably on the flat-topped hills across the Winooski River .
With these aids , and a pair of skiis substituting for wheels on the Waco , Bob Fogg made the first landing on what is now part of the Barre-Montpelier Airport on November 21 , 1927 .
When driving rain or mist socked in one valley , Fogg would chandelle up and over to reverse course and try another one , ranging from the Ottauquechee up to Danville in search of safe passage through the mountain passes .
There he'd take a compass reading , figure his air speed , and deduce that in a certain number of minutes he'd be over the broad meadows of the Merrimack Valley where it would be safe to let down through the overcast and see the ground before it hit him .
At the end of the calculated time he'd nose the Waco down through the cloud bank and hope to break through where some feature of the winter landscape would be recognizable .
If so , are you saying , `` Where did the last few years go ? ?
How did I get to be sixty-five so fast ? ?
What do I do now '' ? ?
So , now what ? ?
How am I going to live ? ?
What am I going to do ? ?
Where do I go from here ? ?
When a plan burst its seams , hasty conferences supply the necessary patch , and life goes merrily on .
Some have serenity of mind , the ability to accept what they have , and make the most of it ( a wonderful gift to have , believe me ) -- some see only darkness , the bitter side of everything .
Well , whatever you have , that's it ! !
The question is `` How are you going to live with it '' ? ?
It seems to me , the first thing you've got to do , to be happy , is to face up to your problems , no matter what they may be .
Many of you will say , `` Well , what can I do '' ? ?
Find out what you like to do most and really give it a whirl .
Maybe you are not that gifted either , but how about puttering around with the old paints ? ?
Where sewing is concerned , I'm a total loss .
When you see a needle in my hands you will know the family buttons have fallen off and I have to sew them back on , or get out the safety pins .
Some people love to crack tile and it's amazing what beautiful designs they come up with as a result of their cracking good time .
How about the art of cooking ? ?
Perhaps you couldn't do that but have you ever tried to see what you could do with a hunk of wood ? ?
I can look at furniture in one spot year in and year out and really feel for sure that's where it belongs .
Just let the rejection slips fall where they may , and keep on plugging , and finally you will make the grade .
It does cost a lot of money for most hobbies but there are hobbies that are for free .
How about a rock collection , or a collection of leaves from different trees or shrubs and in different colors ? ?
It's getting interested in something that counts .
As for me , I am holding in reserve two huge puzzles ( I love puzzles ) to put together when time hangs heavy on my hands .
What does it mean to be creative , a term we hear with increasing frequency these days ? ?
When we turn to Noah Webster we find him helpful as usual .
`` To be creative is to have the ability to cause to exist -- to produce where nothing was before -- to bring forth an original production of human intelligence or power '' .
We are creative , it seems , when we produce something which has not previously existed .
We must realize with Prof. Charles Morris in his The Open Self that `` Man is the being that can continually remake himself , the artisan that is himself the material for his own creation '' .
So far in history man has been too greatly over-occupied with projecting things into his environment rather than first creating the sort of person who can make the highest use of the things he has created .
Is not the present world crisis a race between things we have created which can now destroy us and between populations of sufficient wisdom and character to forestall the tragedy .
Sir Julian Huxley in his book Uniqueness Of Man makes the novel point that just as man is unique in being the only animal which requires a long period of infancy and childhood under family protection , so is he the only animal who has a long period after the decline of his procreativity .
The consummation should come at the next stopping place when they have a long private time ( day or night ) for that purpose .
One thing should be clear to both husband and wife -- neither pain nor profuse bleeding has to occur when the hymen is ruptured during the first sex act .
The hymen is , in essence , a fragile membrane that more or less completely covers the entrance to the vagina in most female human beings who have not had sex relations .
Extreme cases are on record in which the doctor has had to use instruments to cut through the hymen to permit marital relations to be consummated .
These cases , for all their rarity , are so dramatic that friends and relations repeat the story until the general population may get an entirely false notion of how often the hymen is a serious problem to newly-weds .
In recent times , when sexual matters began to be discussed more scientifically and more openly , the emotional aspects of virginity received considerable attention .
Is it necessary to add to the other tensions the hazard of making the loving husband the one who brought pain to his bride ? ?
This is obvious when it is remembered that , during childbirth , the vagina must dilate enough to permit the passage of the baby .
The intricate system of muscles that manage the contraction and dilatation of the vagina are partly under voluntary control .
That is , when first penetration takes place , the pressure and pain signals may involuntarily cause all the vaginal muscles to contract in an effort to bar the intrusion and prevent further pain .
She learns how to relax them to accept -- instead of contracting them to repel -- the entering object .
Apart from the standard problem of controlling the vaginal muscles , other serious barriers may exist that need special gynecological treatment .
It is far better to have such conditions treated in advance than to have them show up on the honeymoon where they can create a really serious situation .
When no medical problems exist , the newly married couple generally prefer to cope with the adjustments of their new relationship by themselves .
The signals to proceed may therefore come when he is momentarily not able to take advantage of them .
The best course is to recover his physical excitement by a change of pace that makes him ardent again .
The accumulated information on this point shows that first intercourse , even when it is achieved with minimum pain or difficulty , is seldom an overwhelming sexual experience to a woman .
Such understanding helps to explain why one matron celebrating thirty-five years of married life could declare with some pride that her husband had `` never seen her entirely naked '' , while another woman , boasting an equal number of years of married life , is proud of having `` shared the nudist way of life -- the really free , natural nude life -- for most of that period '' .
One is always a little surprised to bump into such individual distinctions when it is unexpected .
I still recall the mild shock I experienced in reading material of an enthusiastic advocate of the `` clean , healthful , free way of natural life in nudism '' , who seemed to brave much misunderstanding and persecution in fine spirit .
In the past , it has been the husband who has been dominant and the wife passive .
It is she who decides the time , the place , the surroundings , and the frequency of the sexual act .
It is she who says aye or nay to the intimate questions of sexual technique and mechanics -- not the husband .
Of course , there remain many `` old-fashioned '' marriages in which the husband maintains his supremacy .
`` It reflects what is going on in other areas of the marriage and in society itself .
A world in which wives have taken a more active role is likely to produce sexual relationships in which wives are more self-assertive , too '' .
When a husband is sexually selfish and heedless of his wife's desires , she is cheated of the fulfillment and pleasure nature intended for her .
`` When the roles of husband and wife are reversed , so that the wife becomes leader and the husband follower '' , Dr. Linden says , `` the effects on their whole relationship , sexual and otherwise , can be disastrous '' .
The wife is likely to be young , sophisticated , smart as a whip -- often a girl who has sacrificed a promising career for marriage .
She knows the power of the sex urge and how to use it to manipulate her husband .
The husband is usually a well-educated professional , preoccupied with his job -- often an organization man whose motto for getting ahead is : `` Don't rock the boat '' .
There is no evidence that these Milquetoasts became suddenly emboldened when they crossed the threshhold of the master bedroom .
Asked why , he replied primly : `` Because that's no activity for a gentleman '' .
This carried over into the more urbanized late 19th and early 20th centuries , when the man ruled the roost in the best bull-roaring Life With Father manner .
When was the turning point ? ?
When did women begin to assert themselves sexually ? ?
Some date it from woman suffrage , others from when women first began to challenge men in the marketplace , still others from the era of the emancipated flapper and bathtub gin .
She found she could cope with all kinds of problems for which she was once considered too helpless .
`` Very few wives '' , says Dr. Calderone , `` who balance the checkbook , fix the car , choose where the family will live and deal with the tradesmen , are suddenly going to become submissive where sex is concerned .
A woman who dominates other family affairs will dominate the sexual relationship as well '' .
`` When the husband becomes passive in the face of his wife's aggressiveness '' , Dr. Linden says , `` the wife , in turn , finds him inadequate .
Thus a man who is butting a stone wall at the office may become unusually aggressive in bed -- the one place he can still be champion .
On the other hand , a husband who always has been vigorous and assertive may suddenly become passive -- asking , psychologists say , for reassurance that his wife still finds him desirable .
`` To get a marriage back where it belongs '' , comments Dr. Schillinger of the Lincoln Institute , `` the husband must take some very basic steps .
Too many husbands , Dr. Schillinger continues , worry about `` how well they're doing '' , and fear that their success depends on some trick or technique of sexual play .
Early in her life she had discovered that where there were men , there was money , and with the two came luxury and liquor .
She was still in the play for pay business when she died , a top trollop who had given the world's oldest profession one of its rare flashes of glamour .
It was the trial of oleomargarine heir Minot ( Mickey ) Jelke for compulsory prostitution in New York that put the spotlight on the international play-girl .
( Jelke later served 21 months when he was found guilty of masterminding a ring of high-priced call girls .
She had been moving in cafe society as Lady Diana Harrington , a name that made some of the gossip columns .
It was when she was seized as a material witness that she got the designation she liked best .
In the spring and early summer of that year she met a wealthy foreign tycoon who took her to France , where she later met a very wealthy man and toured all Europe with him .
`` Diane is the type of girl '' , Jelke said , `` who wouldn't get loving -- even on her wedding night -- unless you piled up all your money in the middle of the floor '' .
She thought she had great possibilities in the ballet and wanted to show the eminent producer how well she could dance .
Even among the fast set in which she was moving , her method for keeping an escort from departing too early was unique .
When the date would try to bid her good-night at the door , she would tell him , `` If you go home now , I'll scream '' .
One who needed no such threats was a French financier .
One of the blonde's yearnings that he satisfied was for travel .
`` Then she went to Deauville where she met a member of a powerful Greek syndicate of gamblers '' .
The Greek evidently fell for her , `` Monsieur X '' recounted , and to clinch what he thought was an affair in the making he gave her 100,000 francs ( about $300 ) and led her to the roulette tables .
No one ever learned what happened to the Greek .
She teamed up with another beauty , whose name has been lost to history , and commenced with some fiddling that would have made Nero envious .
It was a rugged finish for what must have been a very interesting night .
`` There had been a threesome at the party in the suite's bedroom : Miss Harrington ( this was Diane's choice for a Roman name ) , another woman who has figured in other very interesting events and one of your well-known American actors .
Of course , her benevolence was limited to those who could afford it , but then there is a limit to what one person can do .
She thought royal status might come her way when , while she was still in Rome , she met Pulley Bey , a personal procurer to King Farouk of Egypt .
No believer in the traditional devotion of royal servitors , the plump Pulley broke the language barrier and lured her to Cairo where she waited for nine months , vainly hoping to see Farouk .
Pulley had set her up at the Semiramis Hotel , but she grew impatient waiting for a royal reception and moved to a luxurious apartment to which the royal pimp had no key .
She picked her own Middle-Eastern friends from the flock of ardent Egyptians that buzzed around her .
When Farouk was overthrown , police picked up his personal pimp , Pulley Bey .
The cagey Pulley Bey , who spoke no English , had taken the passport so that Diane couldn't leave the country without his approval .
She later divorced Graham , who is believed to have moved to Bolivia .
Houston police got to know Diane two years ago when the vice squad picked her up for questioning about a call girl ring .
McClellan , who had once lost his medical license temporarily on a charge of drug addiction , was with her when she died .
He had been in the apartment two days and was hazy about what had happened during that time .
When he realized she was dead , he called two lawyers and then the police .
When the police arrived , they found McClellan and the two lawyers sitting and staring silently .
She was on the junk , and they slide fast when that happens .
At least she never knew what the bottom was like '' .
I am selling the stuff of which is made one of the Great American Dreams -- wall-to-wall carpeting .
From where I sit it looks more like a nightmare .
They depend on my supposedly expert knowledge of a trade of which they themselves know little .
Franklin D. Lee proved a man of prompt action when Mrs. Claire Shaefer , accompanied by a friend , visited him in Bakersfield , California , several months ago as a prospective patient .
As he applied the applicator extending from the machine -- which consisted of seven differently colored neon tubes superimposed on a rectangular base -- to the supposedly diseased portions of Mrs. Shaefer's body , Lee kept up a steady stream of pseudo-scientific mumbo-jumbo .
Did she know , he asked , why the colors of the tubes were important to people's health ? ?
Why , I once used this machine to cure a woman with 97 pounds of cancer in her body '' .
When she said that she didn't have the money , he said that she could come in for treatment with his office model until she was ready to buy one .
Lee renewed his pressure on Mrs. Shaefer to buy his machine when she visited him the next day .
He then sold her some capsules that he asserted would take care of the tumors and cysts until she could collect the money for buying his machine .
When she submitted to his treatment with the capsules , Mrs. Shaefer felt intense pain .
Leaving Lee's office , Mrs. Shaefer hurried over to her family physician , who treated her for burned tissue .
Mrs. Shaefer never got around to joining the thousand or so people who paid Lee some $30,000 for his ozone machines .
For Mrs. Shaefer -- who had been given a clean bill of health by her own physician at the time she visited Lee -- and her friend were agents for the California Pure Food and Drug Inspection Bureau .
And she felt amply rewarded for her suffering when the evidence of Lee's quack shenanigans , gathered by the tape recorder under her friend's clothing , proved adequate in court for convicting Franklin D. Lee .
Rather , it is typical of the thousands of quacks who use phony therapeutic devices to fatten themselves on the miseries of hundreds of thousands of Americans by robbing them of millions of dollars and luring them away from legitimate , ethical medical treatment of serious diseases .
He may call himself a anaprapath , a physiotherapist , an electrotherapist , a naturopath , a sanipractor , a medical cultist , a masseur , a `` doctor '' -- or what have you .
Not only do these quacks assume impressive titles , but represent themselves as being associated with various scientific or impressive foundations -- foundations which often have little more than a letterhead existence .
That's why the FDA , the American Medical Association ( AMA ) , and the National Better Business Bureau ( BBB ) have estimated the toll of mechanical quackery to be a substantial portion of the $610 million or so paid to medical charlatans annually .
The Postmaster General recently reported that mail order frauds -- among which fake therapeutic devices figure prominently -- are at the highest level in history .
The economic toll that the device quack extracts is important , of course .
But it is our health -- more precious than all the money in the world -- that these modern witch doctors with their fake therapeutic gadgets are gambling away .
Mr. A. , her fellow townsman , also experienced a nervous breakdown just as soon as he discovered that he had been bilked of his life savings by the limited practitioner who had been treating his wife -- a woman suffering from an incurable disease , multiple sclerosis -- and himself .
And there was the case of Tom Hepker , a machinist , who was referred by a friend to a health machine quack who treated him with a so-called diagnostic machine for what Doctor Fraud said was a system full of arsenic and strychnine .
After his pains got worse , Tom decided to see a real doctor , from whom he learned he was suffering from cancer of the lung .
Moreover , the diabetic patient who relies on cure by the quack device and therefore cuts off his insulin intake can be committing suicide .
Although she weighed only 108 pounds when she visited him , Carroll permitted her to go on a 10-day fast in which she took nothing but water .
He did this by the charming practice of buying up used electric blankets for $5 to $10 from survivors of patients who had died , reconditioning them , and selling them at $185 each .
When authorities convicted him of practicing medicine without a license ( he got off with a suspended sentence of three years because of his advanced age of 77 ) , one of his victims was not around to testify : He was dead of cancer .
`` Unfortunately '' , says Chief Postal Inspector David H. Stephens , who has prosecuted many device quacks , `` the ghouls who trade on the hopes of the desperately ill often cannot be successfully prosecuted because the patients who are the chief witnesses die before the case is called up in court '' .
That's where device quackery can lead .
Who are the victims of the device quacks ? ?
People who have not been able to get relief from regular medical doctors are especially apt to be taken in by quacks '' .
The victims of the quacks are frequently poor people , like Mr. A. , who scrape up their life savings to offer as a sacrifice to Doctor Fraud's avarice .
When Richard's parents told him they wanted to take him to an orthodontist -- a dentist who specializes in realigning teeth and jaws -- their young son was interested .
During the year that followed , Dick co-operated whole-heartedly with the dentist and was delighted with the final result achieved -- an upper row of strong straight teeth that completely changed his facial appearance .
What do parents need to know about those `` years of the braces '' in order not to waste a child's time and their money ? ?
How can they tell whether a child needs orthodontic treatment ? ?
Why and when should tooth-straightening be undertaken ? ?
What is it likely to cost ? ?
occlusion is the dentist's expression for the way teeth fit together when the jaws are closed .
Malocclusion , or a bad fit , is what parents need to look out for .
Front teeth not meeting when the back teeth close .
Upper teeth completely covering the lowers when the back teeth close .
Second teeth that have come in before the first ones have fallen out , making a double row .
Contrary to the thinking of 30 to 40 years ago , when all malocclusion was blamed on some unfortunate habit , recent studies show that most tooth irregularity has at least its beginning in hereditary predisposition .
every orthodontist sees children who are embarrassed by their malformed teeth .
Bad alignment may result in early loss of teeth through a breakdown of the bony structure that supports their roots .
The failure of teeth to fit together when closed interferes with normal chewing , so that a child may swallow food whole and put a burden on his digestive system .
Abnormal pressure , applied over a period of time , produces a change in the bony deposit , so a tooth functions normally in the new position into which it has been guided .
What can 10-year-old Susan expect when she enters the orthodontist's office ? ?
On her first visit the orthodontist will take x-rays , photographs , tooth measurements , and `` tooth prints '' -- an impression of the mouth that permits him to study her teeth and jaws .
As the tooth moves , bone cells on the pressure side of it will dissolve , and new ones will form on the side from which the tooth has moved .
This must be done at the rate at which new bony tissue grows , and no faster .
When in place , a well-cemented band actually protects the part of the tooth that is covered .
Then comes the time when the last wire is removed and Susie walks out a healthier and more attractive girl than when she first went to the orthodontist .
How long will this take ? ?
Straightening one tooth that has come in wrong may take only a few months .
Work that might cost $500 to $750 in the South could cost $750 to $1,200 in New York City or Chicago .
`` Fees are about half to a third of what they were 25 years ago '' .
`` In the past anyone who said that 90% of all malocclusion is hereditary was scoffed at ; ;
`` Fortunately through our growth studies we have been able to see what nature does , and that helps us know what we can do '' .
In the past an orthodontist might have tried , over four or five years , to straighten and fit the boy's large teeth into a jaw that , despite some growth , would never accommodate them .
That is why Dr. Brodie asks parents not to insist , against their dentist's advice , that their child have orthodontic work done too early .
Plaster of Paris , once utilized in making impressions of teeth , has been replaced by alginates ( gelatin-like material ) that work quickly and accurately and with least discomfort to a child .
From time to time the medium mentions other people `` around him '' , who were `` on the other side '' , and reports what they are saying .
However that may be , people are known to go to mediums for diverse reasons .
The mediums with whom the Parapsychology Foundation is working in this experiment are in a waking or only slightly dissociated state , so that the sitter can make comments , ask and answer questions , instead of talking with a `` control '' who speaks through an entranced sensitive .
What we have here is in some ways more like an ordinary conversation .
However , in the next visit that the researcher made to the medium , he did not receive a personal reading .
Instead he brought with him the names of some people he had never met and of whom the medium knew nothing .
One way to do this is by `` proxy sittings '' , wherein the person seeking a message does not himself meet with the medium but is represented by a substitute , the proxy sitter .
Here the absent sitter makes a `` date '' with a communicator ( someone close to him who is deceased ) , asking him to `` come in '' at a certain hour , when a channel will be open for him .
It is now harder to assume telepathy as a basis for the statements -- though research still does not know how far afield ESP can range .
Here again laboratory approaches are being evolved , for it is recognized how `` elastic '' these readings can be , how they can apply to many people , and are often stated in general terms all too easily applied to any individual's own case .
If you look at a reading meant for someone else , you will probably see that many of the items could be considered as applicable to you , even when you were not in the picture at all ! !
It is , of course , easy to see how `` J '' will mean Uncle Jack to one person and little Jane to another .
And even more complex items can be interpreted to conform to one's own point of view , which is by nature so personal .
To get around this quite difficult corner , there is one first aid to objectiveness : prevent the distant sitter from knowing which reading was for him .
If he is not told which of four or five readings was meant for him , he can more readily assess each item in a larger frame : `` Does that statement really sound as if it were for me , significant in my particular life ? ?
Or am I taking something that could really apply to almost anybody , and forgetting that many other people probably have had a similar experience '' ? ?
Conversely , experimenters would consider as impressive such statements as the following , which , if they turned out to be hits , are so unusual as to be really significant :
Various categories have been explored to find out about these `` empirical probabilities '' against which to measure the readings .
It is very important indeed , in the field of extra-sensory perception and its relation to the survival hypothesis , to know whether the statements are actually only those which any intuitive person might venture and an eager sitter attach to himself .
Or , on the other hand , are unlikely facts being stated , facts which are in themselves significant and not easily applicable to everybody ? ?
So , after the sitting has been held , several readings at one time are mailed , and the distant sitter ( whose name or whose communicator's name was given to the medium ) must mark each little item as Correct ( Hit ) , Incorrect ( Miss ) , Doubtful , or Especially Significant ( applying to him and , he feels , not to anyone else ) .
He is required to mark every item and to indicate which reading he feels is actually his .
In another approach to the same procedure , the content of the readings is analyzed so as to see how the particular medium is likely to slant her statements .
It is possible to find out in which categories most of her correct statements fall , and where she makes most of her `` hits '' .
Now when , so to speak , the cream has been skimmed off , and the items in the successful categories separated out , the sitter can be asked to consider and rate only this concentrated `` cream '' , where the sensitive is at her best .
If asked how she gets her impressions , she probably can only say that she `` just gets them '' -- some more vividly than others .
Even in normal experience one gets impressions without knowing exactly how -- of atmosphere , of one another's personalities , moods , intentions .
Nor does a medium automatically know how to interpret her imagery .
In this connection it is worth noting how names are sometimes obtained .
The worker who lives on a farm cannot change jobs readily .
No matter how well work is planned , bad weather or unexpected setbacks can cause extra work that must be caught up .
If the farm is in an industrial area where wages are high , farm labor costs will also be high .
There will be losses caused by emergencies that arise while he is away at his off-farm job .
It is particularly suitable for those who need to work or exercise out of doors for their health .
Where schools , fire and police protection , and similar municipal services are of equal quality in city and country , real estate taxes are usually about the same .
In deciding how much land you want , take into account the amount you'll need to bring in the income you expect .
But consider also how much you and your family can keep up along with your other work .
When surplus land is not expensive to buy or to keep up , it is usually better to buy it than to buy so small an acreage that the development of adjoining properties might impair the residential value of the farm .
In deciding on the enterprises to be managed by family labor , compare the amount of labor that can be supplied by the family with the labor needs of various enterprises listed in table 1 .
Do not include all your spare time or all your family's spare time -- only what you are willing to use for farm work .
If you are going to farm for extra cash income on a part-time basis you must keep in mind the needed machinery investments when you choose among farm enterprises .
If you are not well acquainted with the area in which you wish to locate , or if you are not sure that you and your family will like and make a success of farming , usually you would do better to rent a place for a year or two before you buy .
Discussed below are some of the main things to look for when you select a part-time farm .
If you are considering a part-time farm where the water must be provided by a well , find out if there is a good well on the farm or the probable cost of having one drilled .
Small areas that aren't right for a certain crop may lie next to areas that are well suited to that crop .
How much will it cost to do any necessary modernizing and redecorating ? ?
Decide first what the place is worth to you and your family as a home in comparison with what it would cost to live in town .
It may be hard to decide what this labor is worth , but charge something for it .
To figure the value of the farm in terms of investment income , divide the estimated annual net farm income by the percentage that you could expect to get in interest if the money were invested in some other way .
One who had been a boy in Auschwitz had to tell how children had been selected by height for the gas chambers .
And still another witness , one who had crawled out from under a heap of corpses , had to tell how the victims had been forced to lay themselves head to foot one on top of the other before being shot .
Most of this testimony may have been legally admissible as bearing on the corpus delicti of the total Nazi crime but seemed subject to question when not tied to the part in it of the defendant's Department of Jewish Affairs .
Those who feared `` emotionalism '' at the Trial showed less understanding than Dr. Servatius of the route by which man achieves the distance necessary for fairness toward enemies .
Interruptions came largely from the bench , which numerous times rebuked the Attorney General for letting his witnesses run on , though it , too , made no serious effort to choke off the flow .
But what could the Eichmann Trial initiate ? ?
Of what new course could it mark the beginning ? ?
It was the conclusion of the first phase of a process of tragic recollection , and of refining the recollection , that will last as long as there are Jews .
`` It is not an individual that is in the dock at this historical trial '' -- said Ben Gurion , `` and not the Nazi regime alone -- but anti-Semitism throughout history '' .
How could supplying Eichmann with a platform on which to maintain that one could collaborate in the murder of millions of Jews without being an anti-semite contribute to a verdict against anti-Semitism ? ?
And if it was not an individual who was in the dock , why was the Trial , as we shall observe later , all but scuttled in the attempt to prove Eichmann a `` fiend '' ? ?
One who could be linked to anti-Semitism only by overcoming his objections is scarcely a good specimen of the Jew-baiter throughout the ages .
Shout at Eichmann though he might , the Prosecutor could not establish that the defendant was falsifying the way he felt about Jews or that what he did feel fell into the generally recognized category of anti-Semitism .
The real question was how one passed from anti-Semitism of this sort to murder , and the answer to this question is not to be found in anti-Semitism itself .
In regard to Eichmann , it was to be found in the Nazi outlook , which contained a principle separate from and far worse than anti-Semitism , a principle by which the poison of anti-Semitism itself was made more virulent .
Not through fear of disobeying orders , as Eichmann kept trying to explain , but through a peculiar giddiness that began in a half-acceptance of the vicious absurdities contained in the Nazi interpretation of history and grew with each of Hitler's victories into a permanent light-mindedness and sense of magical rightness that was able to respond to any proposal , and the more outrageous the better , `` Well , let's try it '' .
But if the Trial did not expose the special Nazi mania so deadly to Jews as well as to anyone upon whom it happened to light , neither did it warn very effectively against the ordinary anti-Semitism of which the Nazis made such effective use in Germany and wherever else they could find it .
If anti-Semitism was on trial in Jerusalem , why was it not identified , and with enough emphasis to capture the notice of the world press , in its connection with the activities of Eichmann's Department of Jewish Affairs , as exemplified by the betrayal and murder of Jews by non-police and non-party anti-Semites in Germany , as well as in Poland , Czechoslovakia , Hungary ? ?
Heydrich , in opening the Conference , followed the reasoning and even the phraseology of the order issued earlier by Goering which authorized the Final Solution as `` a complement to '' previous `` solutions '' for eliminating the Jews from German living space through violence , economic strangulation , forced emigration , and evacuation .
In other words , the promulgators of the murder plan made clear that physically exterminating the Jews was but an extension of the anti-Semitic measures already operating in every phase of German life , and that the new conspiracy counted on the general anti-Semitism that had made those measures effective , as a readiness for murder .
What more could be asked for a Trial intended to warn the world against anti-Semitism than this opportunity to expose the exact link between the respectable Anti-Semite and the concentration-camp brute ? ?
Ought not an edifying Trial have made every effort to demonstrate this once and for all by showing how representative types of `` mere '' anti-Semites were drawn step by step into the program of skull-bashings and gassings ? ?
The Prosecutor in his opening remarks did refer to `` the germ of anti-Semitism '' among the Germans which Hitler `` stimulated and transformed '' .
But if there was evidence at the Trial that aimed over Eichmann's head at his collaborators in the societies where he functioned , the press seems to have missed it .
Eichmann himself is a model of how the myth of the enemy-Jew can be used to transform the ordinary man of present-day society into a menace to all his neighbors .
Do patriots everywhere know enough about how the persecution of the Jews in Germany and later in the occupied countries contributed to terrorizing the populations , splitting apart individuals and groups , arousing the meanest and most dishonest impulses , pulverizing trust and personal dignity , and finally forcing people to follow their masters into the abyss by making them partners in unspeakable crimes ? ?
once in power he begins to give vent to a criminal opportunism that causes him to alternate between megalomania and envy of those above him .
Finally , if the mission of the Trial was to convict anti-Semitism , how could it have failed to post before the world the contrasting fates of the countries in which the Final Solution was aided by native Jew-haters -- i.e. , Germany , Poland , Hungary , Czechoslovakia -- and those in which it met the obstacle of human solidarity -- Denmark , Holland , Italy , Bulgaria , France ? ?
Should not everyone have been awakened to it as an outstanding fact of our time that the nations poisoned by anti-Semitism proved less fortunate in regard to their own freedom than those whose citizens saved their Jewish compatriots from the transports ? ?
As the first collective confrontation of the Nazi outrage , the Trial of Eichmann represents a recovery of the Jews from the shock of the death camps , a recovery that took fifteen years and which is still by no means complete ( though let no one believe that it could be hastened by silence ) .
It is already difficult to recall how little we knew before the Trial of what had been done to the Jews of Europe .
He thereby precipitated a bitter controversy involving Protestants , Jews and Roman Catholics that continued for two months , until the city's Board of Hospitals lifted the ban on birth-control therapy .
These incidents , typical of many others , dramatize the distressing fact that no controversy during the last several decades has caused more tension , rancor and strife among religious groups in this country than the birth-control issue .
Where it is not actually erupting , it rumbles and smolders in sullen resentment like a volcano , ready to explode at any moment .
There is a difference in theological belief where there seems little chance of agreement .
Moreover , man may not supplant or frustrate the physical arrangements established by God , who through the law of rhythm has provided a natural method for the control of conception .
But people differ in their religious beliefs on scores of doctrines , without taking up arms against those who disagree with them .
Why is it so different in regard to birth control ? ?
Consider what happened during World War 1 , , when the Protestant churches united to push the Prohibition law through Congress .
The attempt to enforce that belief ushered in a reign of bootleggers , racketeers , hijackers and gangsters that led to a breakdown of law unparalleled in our history .
That tumultuous , painful and costly experience shows clearly that a law expressing a moral judgment cannot be enforced when it has little correspondence with the general view of society .
The various Lambeth Conferences , expressing the Anglican viewpoint , mirror the gradual change that has taken place among Protestants generally .
In 1920 , the Lambeth Conference repeated its 1908 condemnation of contraception and issued `` an emphatic warning against the use of unnatural means for the avoidance of conception , together with the grave dangers -- physical , moral , and religious -- thereby incurred , and against the evils which the extension of such use threaten the race '' .
Denouncing the view that the sexual union is an end in itself , the Conference declared : `` We steadfastly uphold what must always be regarded as the governing considerations of Christian marriage .
One is the primary purpose for which marriage exists , namely , the continuance of the race through the gift and heritage of children ; ;
Since then , many Protestant denominations have made separate pronouncements , in which they not only approved birth control , but declared it at times to be a religious duty .
What determines the morality , they state , is not the means used , but the motive In general , the means ( excluding abortion ) that prove most effective are considered the most ethical .
The general board declared : `` Most of the Protestant churches hold contraception and periodic continence to be morally right when the motives are right .
To try to oppose the general religious and moral conviction of such a majority by a legislative fiat would be to invite the same breakdown of law and order that was occasioned by the ill-starred Prohibition experiment .
Only confusion , failure and anarchy result when the effort is made to impose upon the civil authority the impossible task of policing private homes to preclude the possibility of sin .
When she reached port , she was found to have on board only eight men , all near starvation .
The man who now commanded her had started the voyage as an ordinary seaman .
What disaster struck the Discovery during those seventeen months ? ?
What happened to the fourteen missing men ? ?
Second , they believed it important to determine the fate of the captain -- a man whose name is permanently stamped on our maps , on American towns and counties , on a great American river , and on half a million square miles of Arctic seas .
When the Half Moon put in at Dartmouth , England , in the fall of 1609 , word of Hudson's findings leaked out , and English interest in him revived .
One by one , the openings in the coast that promised a passage through had been explored and discarded .
In 1602 , George Waymouth , in the same little Discovery that Hudson now commanded , had sailed 300 miles up the strait before his frightened men turned the ship back .
On the second voyage , he had turned back at the frozen island of Novaya Zemlya and meekly given the crew a certificate stating that he did so of his own free will -- which was obviously not the case .
Worse , his present crew included five men who had sailed with him before .
The mate , Robert Juet , who had kept the journal on the Half Moon , was experienced -- but he was a bitter old man , ready to complain or desert at any opportunity .
But men willing to sail at all into waters where wooden ships could be crushed like eggs were hard to find .
There at the river's edge waited one Henry Greene , whom Hudson listed as a `` clerk '' .
Greene was in actuality a young ruffian from Kent , who had broken with his parents in order to keep the company he preferred -- pimps , panders and whores .
He was not the sort of sailor Hudson wanted his backers to see on board and he had Greene wait at Gravesend , where the Discovery picked him up .
As the bergs grew larger , Hudson was forced to turn south into what is now Ungava Bay , an inlet of the Great Strait .
He went to his cabin and emerged carrying a large chart , which he set up in view of the crew .
Patiently , he explained what he knew about their course and their objectives .
When Hudson had finished , the `` town meeting '' broke down into a general , wordy argument .
Up spoke carpenter Staffe , who said he wouldn't give ten pounds to be home .
The grant , which stretched southward to Lake Traverse -- the headwaters of the Red -- was made in May , 1811 , and by October of that year a small group of Scots was settling for the winter at York Factory on Hudson Bay .
Selkirk persuaded eighty men and four officers to go to Red River where they were to serve as a military force to protect his settlers from the hostile Northwest Company which resented the intrusion of farmers into the fur traders' empire .
The mercenaries were little interested in farming and added nothing to the output of the farm plots on which all work was still done with hoes as late as 1818 .
It was the low yield of the Selkirk plots and the ravages of grasshoppers in 1818 that led to the dispersal of the settlement southward .
When late in the summer the full extent of the damage was assessed , all but fifty of the Scots , Swiss and metis moved up the Red to the mouth of the Pembina river .
The new site was somewhat warmer than Fort Douglas and much closer to the great herds of buffalo on which the settlement must depend for food .
When in 1816 an act of Congress forced the foreign firm out of the United States , its British-born employees , now become American citizens -- Joseph Rolette , Joseph Renville and Alexis Bailly -- continued in the fur business .
It was Dickson who suggested to Lord Selkirk that he return to the Atlantic coast by way of the United States .
In September 1817 at Fort Daer ( Pembina ) Dickson met the noble lord whom , with the help of a band of Sioux , he escorted to Prairie Du Chien .
The route which he had traveled and which he believed might develop into a trade route was followed by his settlers earlier than he might have expected .
In September 1822 two companies of infantry arrived at the mouth of the St. Peter's River , the head of navigation on the Mississippi , and began construction of Fort St. Anthony which , upon completion , was renamed in honor of its commander , Colonel Josiah Snelling .
He set out on his 700-mile return journey with five families of discontented and disappointed Swiss who turned their eyes toward the United States .
In April came a rapid thaw that produced high waters which did not recede until mid-June .
At the point where they ended , another settlement grew up around a chapel built at the boat landing by Father Lucian Galtier in 1840 .
Its people , including Pierre Bottineau and other American Fur Company employees and the refugees from Fort Garry , were joined by the remaining Scots and Swiss from Fort Snelling when Major Joseph Plympton expelled them from the reservation in May 1840 .
The resultant town , platted in 1847 and named for the patron of Father Galtier's mission , St. Paul , was to become an important center of the fur trade and was to take on a new interest for those Selkirkers who remained at Red River .
Accordingly , though the practice violated the no-trading provision of the Selkirk charter which reserved all such activity in merchandise and furs to the Hudson's Bay Company , some settlers went into trade .
The Company maintained a store at which products of England could be purchased and brought in goods for the new merchants on the understanding that they refrain from trading in furs .
In June 1845 , the Governor and Council of Assiniboia imposed a 20 per cent duty on imports via Hudson's Bay which were viewed as aimed at the `` very vitals of the Company's trade and power '' .
Others carried pemmican from `` the Forks '' to St. Paul and goods from St. Paul to Red River , as in the summer of 1847 when one trader , Wells , transported twenty barrels of whisky to the British settlement .
Indeed , no richer humor is to be found in the whole of American literature than in the letters of the semi-literate men who wore the blue and the gray .
A Texan wrote to a male companion at home : `` what has become of Halda and Laura ? ?
When you see them again give them my love -- not best respects now , but love by God '' .
William R. Stillwell , an admirable Georgian whose delightful correspondence is preserved in the Georgia Department of Archives and History , liked to tease his wife in his letters .
Near the end of his service he wrote that when the war was over he was going to buy two pups , name one of them `` Fall-in '' and the other `` Close-up '' , and then shoot them both , `` and that will be the end of Fall-in and Close-up '' .
The soldiers who comprised the rank and file of the Civil War armies were an earthy people .
Johnny Rebs from the deep South who were plagued with diarrhoea after transfer to the Virginia front often informed their families that they were suffering from the `` the Virginia quickstep '' .
The letters which poured forth from camps were usually written under adverse circumstances .
Rebs who owned slaves occasionally would include in their letters admonitions or greetings to members of the Negro community .
An Alabama soldier whose feminine associations were of the more admirable type wrote boastfully of his achievements among the Virginia belles : `` they thout I was a saint .
An Ohio soldier who , from a comrade just returned from leave , received an unfavorable comment on the conduct of his sister , took pen in hand and delivered himself thus : `` dear Sis .
We got to one house where there were five secessionists .
Thay may say what they please but godamit Pa it is fun '' .
On December 9 , 1862 , Sergeant Edwin H. Fay , an unusual Louisianan who held A.B. and M.A. degrees from Harvard University and who before the war was headmaster of a private school for boys in Louisiana , wrote his wife : `` I saw Pemberton and he is the most insignificant puke I ever saw .
A Massachusetts soldier , who seems to have been a Civil War version of Bill Mauldin , wrote : `` the officers consider themselves as made of a different material from the low fellows in the ranks .
One Federal soldier wrote : `` the docters is no aconte -- hell will be filde with do(c)ters and offersey when this war is over '' .
The attitudes which the Rebs and Yanks took toward each other were very much the same and ranged over the same gamut of feeling , from friendliness to extreme hatred .
They recooned as how you'uns all would be a heap wus to we'uns all ' '' .
In a similar vein , but writing from the opposite side , Thomas Taylor , a private in the 6th Alabama Volunteers , in a letter to his wife , stated : `` you know that my heart is with you but I never could have been satisfied to have staid at home when my country is invaded by a thievin foe , by a set of cowardly skunks whose motto is Booty .
1 ) Every age rewrites the events of its history in terms of what should have been , creating legends about itself that rationalize contemporary beliefs and excuse contemporary actions .
What actually occurred in the past is seldom as important as what a given generation feels must have occurred .
1 ) Most of the legends that are created to fan the fires of patriotism are essentially propagandistic and are not folk legends at all .
Folklore is individually created art that a homogeneous group of people preserve , vary and recreate through oral transmission .
Related to written literature , and often remaining temporarily frozen in written form , it loses its vitality when transcribed or removed from its oral existence .
That much of what he calls folklore is the result of beliefs carefully sown among the people with the conscious aim of producing a desired mass emotional reaction to a particular situation or set of situations is irrelevant .
On the one side we have the university professors and their students , trained in Teutonic methods of research , who have sought out , collected and studied the true products of the oral traditions of the ethnic , regional and occupational groups that make up this nation .
On the other we have the flag-wavers and the national sentimentalists who have been willing to use any patriotic , `` frontier western '' or colonial material willy-nilly .
Unfortunately , few of the artists ( writers , movie producers , dramatists and musicians ) who have used American folklore since 1900 have known enough to distinguish between the two streams even in the most general of ways .
The amateur is closely related to the collector , who is actually no more than the amateur who has taken to the field .
and only rarely is he acutely concerned with the meaning of what he has located .
Both are primarily concerned with the uses that can be made of the material that the collector has found .
The commercial propagandist , who can't afford to be critical , gets along well with the amateur , from whom he feeds , but he frequently steps on the analyst's toes by refusing to keep his material genuine .
The work done by the analysts , the men who really know what folklore is all about , has no more appeal than any other work of a truly scientific sort and reaches a limited , learned audience .
Publishers want books that will sell , recording studios want discs that will not seem strange to ears used to hillbilly and jazz music , grade and high schools want quaint , but moral , material .
As a result , most people don't have more than a vague idea what folklore actually is ; ;
If one wishes to discuss a literary figure who uses folklore in his work , the first thing he must realize is that the literary figure is probably part of this ignorant American public .
When the writer uses material does he tamper with it to improve its commercial effect or does he leave it pure ? ?
Is he swept away by sentiment and nostalgia for an America that was ? ?
Or does he sincerely want to tap the real springs of American attitude and culture regardless of how unpopular and embarrassing they may be ? ?
When he gets the answers to his questions he will be discouraged .
In the first place , a good many writers who are said to use folklore , do not , unless one counts an occasional superstition or tale .
The last two writers introduce strong political bias into their works , and not unlike the union leaders that we will discuss soon , see folklore as a reservoir of protest by a downtrodden and publically silenced mass .
Nevertheless , with a reading public that longs for the `` good old days '' and with an awareness of our expanding international interests , it is easy for the Benets to obtain a magnified position in literature by use of all sorts of Americana , real or fake , and it is easy for the Steinbecks and Sandburgs to support their messages of reform by reading messages of reform into the minds of the folk .
O'Banion was a complex and frightening man , whose bright blue eyes stared with a kind of frozen candour into others' .
He had a round , frank Irish face , creased in a jovial grin that stayed bleakly in place even when he was pumping bullets into someone's body .
He had what was described by a psychologist as a `` sunny brutality '' .
At the age of ten , when he was working as a newsboy in the Loop , he was knocked down by a streetcar which resulted in his permanently shortened leg .
In his teens O'Banion was enrolled in the vicious Market Street gang and he became a singing waiter in McGovern's Cafe , a notoriously low and rowdy dive in North Clark Street , where befuddled customers were methodically looted of their money by the singing waiters before being thrown out .
He was also at the same time gaining practical experience as a safe breaker and highwayman , and learning how to shoot to kill from a Neanderthal convicted murderer named Gene Geary , later committed to Chester Asylum as a homicidal maniac , but whose eyes misted with tears when the young Dion sang a ballad about an Irish mother in his clear and syrupy tenor .
O'Banion's first conflict with the police came in 1909 , at seventeen , when he was committed to Bridewell Prison for three months for burglary ; ;
But whose requirements ? ?
There was a question-and-answer gag that went around at that time : Q. `` Who'll carry the Forty-second and Forty-third wards '' ? ?
To forestall any change of allegiance , the Democrats hastily organised a testimonial banquet for O'Banion , as public reward for his past services and as a reminder of where his loyalties lay .
When Mayor Dever heard of the banquet he summoned Hughes for an explanation of why he had been dishonouring the police department by consorting with these felons and fixers .
`` But when I arrived and recognised a number of notorious characters I had thrown into the detective bureau basement half a dozen times , I knew I had been framed , and withdrew almost at once '' .
There was a brief interruption while one of O'Banion's men jerked out both his guns and threatened to shoot a waiter who was pestering him for a tip .
This dinner was the start of a new blatancy in the relationship between the gangs and the politicians , which , prior to 1924 , says Pasley , `` had been maintained with more or less stealth '' , but which henceforth was marked by these ostentatious gatherings , denounced by a clergyman as `` Belshazzar feasts '' , at which `` politicians fraternized cheek by jowl with gangsters , openly , in the big downtown hotels '' .
However , this inaugural feast did its sponsors no good whatever .
He behaved publicly with a cocky , swaggering truculence that offended their vulpine Latin minds , and behaved towards them personally with an unimpressed insolence that enraged them beneath their blandness .
They were disturbed by his idiotic bravado -- as , when his bodyguard , Yankee Schwartz , complained that he had been snubbed by Dave Miller , a prize-fight referee , chieftain of a Jewish gang and one of four brothers of tough reputation , who were Hirschey , a gambler-politician in loose beer-running league with Torrio and O'Banion , Frank , a policeman , and Max , the youngest .
To settle this slight , O'Banion went down to the La Salle Theatre in the Loop , where , he had learned , Dave Miller was attending the opening of a musical comedy .
A further example of the incompatible difference in personalities was when two policemen held up a Torrio beer convoy on a West Side street and demanded $300 to let it through .
Why , I can get them knocked off for half that much '' .
Upon which the detective bureau despatched rifle squads to prevent trouble if O'Banion should send his gunmen out to deal with the hijacking policemen .
When , as a diplomatic gesture of amity and in payment for the loan of gunmen in the April election , Torrio had given O'Banion a slice of Cicero , the profits from that district had been $20,000 a month .
Still more jealous bitterness was engendered by the O'Banion gang's seizure from a West Side marshalling yard of a freight-car load of Canadian whisky worth $100,000 and by one of the biggest coups of the Prohibition era -- the Sibley warehouse robbery , which became famous for the cool brazenness of the operation .
These 1750 cases were carted off in a one-night operation by the O'Banion men , who left in their stead the same number of barrels filled with water .
Indeed , a tremendously destructive tsunami that arose in the Arabian Sea in 1945 has even revived the interest of geologists and archaeologists in the Biblical story of the Flood .
A tsunami in the Hawaiian Islands in 1869 washed away an entire town ( Ponoluu ) , leaving only two forlorn trees standing where the community had been .
Usually it is only when they approach shallow water on the shore that they build up to their terrifying heights .
On the fateful day in 1896 when the great waves approached Japan , fishermen at sea noticed no unusual swells .
Not until they sailed home at the end of the day , through a sea strewn with bodies and the wreckage of houses , were they aware of what had happened .
They usually range from 20 to 60 feet in height , but when they pour into a V-shaped inlet or harbor they may rise to mountainous proportions .
When a second quake came , they dashed back to the beach , fearing that they might be buried under landslides .
they were steepest on the shores facing the direction of the seaquake from which the waves had come .
The waves of a 1923 tsunami in Sagami Bay brought to the surface and battered to death huge numbers of fishes that normally live at a depth of 3,000 feet .
It consists of a series of pipes and a pressure-measuring chamber which record the rise and fall of the water surface .
But when waves with a period of between 10 and 40 minutes begin to roll over the ocean , they set in motion a corresponding oscillation in a column of mercury which closes an electric circuit .
The moment the alarm goes off , information is immediately forwarded to Honolulu , which is the center of the warning system .
This center also receives prompt reports on earthquakes from four Coast Survey stations in the Pacific which are equipped with seismographs .
But it is plain that a warning system , however efficient , is not enough .
Earthquakes result when movements in the earth twist rocks until they break .
Today's earthquakes are most numerous in belts where the earth's restlessness is presently concentrated , but scars of the past show that there is no part of the earth that has not had them .
We have learned from earthquakes much of what we now know about the earth's interior , for they send waves through the earth which emerge with information about the materials through which they have traveled .
( 2 ) If earthquakes do occur at such depths , why not deeper ? ?
In the search for oil and gas , we make similar waves under controlled conditions with dynamite and learn from them where there are buried rock structures favorable to the accumulation of these resources .
We have also developed techniques for recognizing and locating underground nuclear tests through the waves in the ground which they generate .
In Ireland's County Limerick , near the River Shannon , there is a quiet little suburb by the name of Garryowen , which means `` Garden of Owen '' .
Undoubtedly none of the residents realize the influence their town has had on American military history , or the deeds of valor that have been done in its name .
Of all the thousands of men who have served in the 7th Cav , perhaps no one knows its spirit better than Lieutenant Colonel Melbourne C. Chandler .
The truth is , however , that when Mel Chandler first reported to the regiment the only steed he had ever ridden was a swivel chair and the only weapon he had ever wielded was a pencil .
Chandler had been commissioned in the Medical Service Corps and was serving as a personnel officer for the Kansas City Medical Depot when he decided that if he was going to make the Army his career , he wanted to be in the fighting part of it .
First of all , no unit likes to have a new CO brought in from the outside , especially when he's an armchair trooper .
Sergeant Early let the new CO know just how lucky he was to be in the best troop in the best regiment in the United States Army .
For example , it was a battalion of the 7th Cavalry under Colonel George Armstrong Custer that had been wiped out at the Battle of The Little Big Horn .
But what made the load lighter was the realization that every officer , non-com and trooper was ready and willing to help him carry it , for the good of the troop and the regiment .
It was the 7th Cavalry whose troopers were charged with guarding the Imperial Palace of the Emperor .
It happened at the St. Patrick's Day party , a big affair for a regiment which had gone into battle for over three-quarters of a century to the strains of an Irish march .
And when the singing began , it was the Gouldings who sang the old Irish songs the best .
For Marvin Goulding , like Giovanni Martini , the bugler boy who carried Custer's last message , or Margarito Lopez , the one-man Army on Leyte , was a Garryowen , through and through .
When the Korean war began , on June 25 , 1950 , the anniversary of the day Custer had gone down fighting at the Little Big Horn and the day the regiment had assaulted the beachhead of Leyte during World War 2 , , the 7th Cavalry was not in the best fighting condition .
The troopers knew an attack was coming , but they didn't know when , and they didn't know where .
They were followed by crack North Korean troops , who mounted one charge after another .
Chandler , looking to right and left to see how his men were faring , suddenly saw another figure bounding up the hill , hurling grenades and hollering the battle cry as he ran .
It was Bob Carroll , who had suddenly found himself imbued with the spirit of Garryowen .
Because of this diversionary attack the main group that had been pinned down on the hill was able to surge forward again .
Marvin Goulding saw what was happening .
That finished the job that Captain Chandler and Lieutenant Carroll had begun .
After years of digging , nights and weekends , he put together the big , profusely illustrated book , Of Garryowen And Glory , which is probably the most complete history of any military unit .
The battle of the Naktong River is just one example of how the battle cry and the spirit of The Fighting Seventh have paid off .
Take the case of Major Marcus A. Reno , who survived the Battle of The Little Big Horn in 1876 .
From the enlisted men he pistol-whipped to the subordinate officer whose wife he tried to rape , a lot of men had plenty of reason heartily to dislike Marcus Reno .
But when a board of inquiry was called to look into the charges of cowardice made against him , the men who had seen Reno leave the battlefield and the officer who had heard Reno suggest that the wounded be left to be tortured by the Sioux , refused to say a harsh word against him .
Although it was at the Battle of The Little Horn , about which more words have been written than any other battle in American history , that the 7th Cavalry first made its mark in history , the regiment was ten years old by then .
During the Civil War , Custer , who achieved a brilliant record , was made brigadier general at the age of 23 .
The ultimate objective of American policy is to help establish a world in which there is the largest possible measure of freedom and justice and peace and material prosperity ; ;
I speak of `` the largest possible measure '' because any person who supposes that these conditions can be universally and perfectly achieved -- ever -- reckons without the inherent imperfectability of himself and his fellow human beings , and is therefore a dangerous man to have around .
Proximate in the sense that there are more distant , more `` positive '' ends we seek , to which victory over Communism is but a means .
But dominant in the sense that every other objective , no matter how worthy intrinsically , must defer to it .
my point is that where conflicts arise they must always be resolved in favor of achieving the indispensable condition for a tolerant world -- the absence of Soviet Communist power .
This much having been said , the question remains whether we have the resources for the job we have to do -- defeat Communism -- and , if so , how those resources ought to be used .
I have often searched for a graphic way of impressing our superiority on those Americans who have doubts , and I think Mr. Jameson Campaigne has done it well in his new book American Might And Soviet Myth .
Add this to the unrest in the countries around us where oppressed peoples would be ready to turn on us at the first opportunity .
Add also a comparatively primitive industrial plant which would severely limit our capacity to keep abreast of the Soviets even in the missile field which is reputed to be our main strength .
The contention needs to be formulated with much greater precision than it ever was during the campaign , but once that has been done , I fail to see how any serious student of world affairs can quarrel with it .
and even then , it is a concept that can be highly misleading .
Prestige is a measure of how other people think of you , well or ill .
But contrary to what was implied during the campaign , prestige is surely not important for its own sake .
The thing to lose sleep over is what people , having concluded that we are weaker than we are , are likely to do about it .
but it becomes very important if foreign peoples react the way human beings typically do -- namely , by taking steps to end up on what appears to be the winning side .
Here I do not speak of military power where our advantage is obvious and overwhelming but of political power -- of influence , if you will -- about which the relevant questions are : Is Soviet influence throughout the world greater or less than it was ten years ago ? ?
In answering these questions , we need to ask not merely whether Communist troops have crossed over into territories they did not occupy before , and not merely whether disciplined agents of the Cominform are in control of governments from which they were formerly excluded : the success of Communism's war against the West does not depend on such spectacular and definitive conquests .
Fearful of inviting a military showdown with the West which they could not win , the Communists seek to undermine Western power where the nuclear might of the West is irrelevant -- in backwoods guerrilla skirmishes , in mob uprisings in the streets , in parliaments , in clandestine meetings of undercover conspirators , at the United Nations , on the propaganda front , at diplomatic conferences -- preferably at the highest level .
The Kremlin's goal is the isolation and capture , not of Ghana , but of the United States -- and this purpose may be served very well by countries that masquerade under a `` neutralist '' mask , yet in fact are dependable auxiliaries of the Soviet Foreign Office .
In some countries the trend has gone further than others : Mexico , Panama , and Venezuela are displaying open sympathy for Castroism , and there is no country -- save the Dominican Republic whose funeral services we recently arranged -- where Castroism and Anti-Americanism does not prevent the government from unqualifiedly espousing the American cause .
What have we to show by way of counter-successes ? ?
There was the Hungarian Revolution which we praised and mourned , but did nothing about .
There was the Polish Revolution which we misunderstood and then helped guide along a course favorable to Soviet interests .
There was the revolution in Tibet which we pretended did not exist .
And contrary to what has been said recently , we did not wait for `` outside pressures '' and `` world opinion '' to bring down that Communist government ; ;
The middle-aged man said over and over , `` Why did I come here , why did I come here '' .
Where was my flashlight ? ?
Where should I go ? ?
Better stay in the hotel lobby , where the walls looked good and thick .
But what was the story ? ?
The din was successful , too , for just before the moon disappeared , the frightened toad had begun to spit it out again , which meant good luck all around .
How quaint it all seemed the next day .
A restaurant posted a reminder to patrons `` who became excited and left without paying their checks '' .
What had been the ambassador's suite was now jagged walls of blackened brick .
This damage had been done in the battle of Vientiane , fought less than three months earlier when four successive governments had ruled here in three days ( December 9-11 , 1960 ) .
Nobody can tell more closely how many villages there are .
What matters here is family loyalty ; ;
We were there at a moment when the situation in Laos threatened to ignite another war among the world's giants .
Even if it did not , how would this little world of gentle people cope with its new reality of grenades and submachine guns ? ?
We flew in rickety planes so overloaded that we wondered why they didn't crash .
`` We '' were Bill Garrett of the National Geographic Illustrations Staff , whose three cameras and eight lenses made him look as formidable as any fighting man we met ; ;
Boun My -- the name means one who has a boun , a celebration , and is therefore lucky -- was born in Savannakhet , the Border of Paradise .
Everyone had heard of the American contractor who had spurned an escort .
We had nearly decided that all the tales of Lao lethargy must be true , when we were invited to take a trip with the Prime Minister .
`` What you see are self-help projects '' , John said .
`` We ask the people what they want , and they supply the labor .
`` Where there was no road , they lived without one .
In the village of Soukhouma , which means `` Peaceful '' , we had a baci .
I was careful to keep my feet , the seat of the least worthy spirits , from pointing at anyone's head , where the worthiest spirits reside .
When I pressed for a purely religious definition , I encountered the familiar blend of liberal piety , interfaith good will , and a small residue of ethnic loyalty .
`` I like to follow the holidays when they come along .
When asked how this was different from being a good Protestant , the boy answered , `` It's the same thing '' .
`` We were brought up that way '' was one statement which won general assent .
`` I want to show respect for my parents' religion '' was the way in which a boy justified his inhabiting a halfway house of Judaism .
Intermarriage , which is generally regarded as a threat to Jewish survival , was regarded not with horror or apprehension but with a kind of mild , clinical disapproval .
`` When you marry , you want to have things in common '' , a girl said , `` and it's hard when you don't marry someone with your own background '' .
A fourteen-year-old girl from the Middle West observed wryly that , in her community , religion inconveniently interfered with religious activities -- at least with the peripheral activities that many middle class Jews now regard as religious .
This is , no doubt , inaccurate , but it does convey how isolated she feels among the vast army of the nonobservant .
The percentage of Jewish girls who attend college is almost as high as that of boys .
It is they who read -- and make -- Jewish best-sellers and then persuade their husbands to read them .
What is noteworthy about this large group of teen-agers is that , although their attitudes hardly differentiate them from their gentile counterparts , they actually lead their lives in a vast self-enclosed Jewish cosmos with relatively little contact with the non-Jewish world .
Perhaps the Jewish students at Brooklyn College -- constituting 85 per cent of those who attend the day session -- can serve as a paradigm of the urban , lower-middle class Jewish student .
This is particularly acute for those who attended Midwood High School directly across the street from Brooklyn College .
`` You don't have to watch what you say .
Of course , I would like to go to an out-of-town school where there are all kinds of people , but I would want lots of Jewish kids there '' .
A freshman girl's father not too long ago called a dean at Brooklyn College and demanded the `` low-down '' on a boy who was going out with his daughter .
It is significant that the Catskills , which used to be the summer playground for older teen-agers , a kind of summer suburb of New York , no longer attracts them in great numbers -- except for those who work there as waiters , bus boys , or counselors in the day camps .
There are hordes of nubile young women there who , prodded by their impatient mothers , are determined to marry .
And the school newspaper sells space to jubilant fraternities , sororities , and houses ( in the House Plan Association ) that have good news to impart .
( Doctors now say that it was not the meat but the coolness of the applications which relieved the pain .
when it was cool , the fat was skimmed off and bottled .
A sympathetic friend made poultices of raw potato parings , which she said was the best and quickest way to draw out the `` heat '' .
The results were good , but which treatment helped is still not known .
One old-timer said to sprinkle sugar on a bleeding cut , even when on a knuckle , if it was made by a rusty tool ; ;
she sprinkled common sugar directly on the injury and then bound it loosely with cotton cloth , over which she poured turpentine .
He showed me one of his fingers which had been practically amputated and which his mother had treated ; ;
One old man told me that when he was a boy he was kicked in the head by a fractious mule and had his scalp laid back from the entire front of his head .
when they reached the boy , the father sliced a new plug of tobacco , put the scalp back in place , and covered the raw edges with the slices .
Rabies were cured or prevented by `` madstones '' which the pioneer wore or carried .
Chiggers were a common pest along streams and where gardens and berries thrived ; ;
the particle would then move toward the nose , where it could be wiped out with a wisp of cotton .
Winter itch was treated by applying strong apple cider in which pulverized bloodroot had been steeped .
Six treatments cured one case which lasted a month and had defied other remedies .
This softened the skin so that in the morning when the bandage was removed the corn could be scraped off and a bit of corn plaster put on .
One young girl told me how her mother removed a wart from her finger by soaking a copper penny in vinegar for three days and then painting the finger with the liquid several times .
sore feet by calf's-foot , an herb from the pioneer's ubiquitous herb garden , or by soaking the feet in a pan of hot water in which two cups of salt had been dissolved .
Except for the wine waiter in a restaurant -- always an inscrutable plenipotentiary unto himself , the genii with the keys to unlock the gates of the wine world are one's dealer , and the foreign shipper or negociant who in turn supplies him .
In instances where both of these are persons or firms with integrity , the situation is ideal .
However , by cultivating a wine dealer and accepting his advice , one will soon enough ascertain whether he has any knowledge of wines ( as opposed to what he may have been told by salesmen and promoters ) and , better yet , whether he has a taste for wine .
This is important because , despite all the efforts of the French government , an appreciable segment of France's export trade in wines is still tainted with a misrepresentation approaching downright dishonesty , and there are many too many negociants who would rather turn a sou than amass a creditable reputation overseas .
A good negociant or shipper will not only be the man or the firm which has cornered the wines from the best vineyards , or the best parts of them ; ;
he may also be the one who makes and bottles the best blends -- sound wines from vineyards generally in his own district .
Most of them , the world over , operate on the same principle by which justice is administered in France and some other Latin countries : the customer is to be considered guilty of abysmal ignorance until proven otherwise , with the burden of proof on the customer himself .
) is for the most part a recondite affair , for manifestly , if everyone in the world who could afford the best wines also liked them , the supply would dry up in no time at all .
This is the only valid , and extenuating , argument that may be advanced in defense of the reprehensible attitude of the common wine waiter .
The one way to get around them -- short of knowing exactly what one wants and sticking to it -- is to frequent a single establishment until its wine waiter is persuaded that one is at least as interested in wine as in spending money .
This is especially true of red wines , and a practice which , though not always practicable , is well worth the effort .
When stacking wine on its side in a bin , care should always be taken to be sure there is no air bubble left next to the cork .
No one should wish to deny these purists the obvious pleasure they derive from all this , and to give fair warning where warning is due , no one who becomes fond of wines ever avoids acquiring some degree of purism ! !
But the fact remains that in most restaurants , including some of the best of Paris and Bordeaux and Dijon , the bottle is frankly and simply brought from the cellar to the table when ordered , and all the conditioning or preparation it ever receives takes place while the chef is preparing the meal .
for those who live in a winter climate , there is nothing better than a bucket of water and snow .
It may be a bit cold when poured ; ;
but again , as one will have observed at any restaurant worth its salt , wine should be served in a large , tulip-shaped glass , which is never filled more than half full .
The only cardinal sin which may be committed in warming a wine is to force it by putting it next to the stove or in front of an open fire .
White wines should be opened when served , having been previously chilled in proportion to their sweetness .
Over-chilling is an accepted method for covering up the faults of many a cheap or poor white wine , especially a dry wine -- and certainly less of a crime than serving a wine at a temperature which reveals it as unattractive .
The fragrance and taste of any white wine will die a lingering death when it is allowed to warm or is exposed for long to the air .
very old red wine is often decanted so that the puckering , bitter elements which have settled to the bottom will not be mingled with the wine itself .
Another school frowns on such a shortcut , and insists that after leaving the bin an old red wine should first stand on end for several days to allow the sediment to roll to the very bottom , after which the bottle may be gently eased to a tilted position on its side in the cradle .
In France , when one wishes to entertain at a restaurant and serve truly fine old red wines , one visits the restaurant well ahead of time , chooses the wines and , with the advice of the manager and his chef , builds the menu around them .
Though there are many exceptions , which we have noted in preceding pages , white wine is as a rule best consumed between two and six years old , and red wines , nowadays , between three and ten .
William , who lived in neighboring St. Mary's parish , had taken charge and decided that it would be best for all if the plantation were operated for another year .
Gorham refused to accept money for slave property , but did he realize how much expense and trouble the transportation of his Negroes to the North involved ? ?
The suggestion that Giffen hire out the slaves was not realistic , since no planter would take the risk of having Negroes who knew they were to be free living with his own slaves .
William , who did not write to Gorham , told Giffen that unless he could operate the plantation as usual for a year , he would sue `` amicably '' to protect his interests .
If William wished to continue operations for a year , why not simply leave the Negroes undisturbed and pay them `` as high wages to remain there as are ever paid the labor of persons of their sex & age .
When he heard of his brothers' anger , Palfrey was still hopeful that they could be persuaded to accept his notion of paying wages .
If not , he was willing to accede to William's wishes in any way that did not block his ultimate aim .
Knowing the antipathy that existed in Louisiana against increasing the number of free Negroes , Giffen suggested that Palfrey bring them to Boston at once , and then send them on to Liberia .
Of the fifty-two slaves , Giffen succeeded in getting a lot of twenty , twelve of whom were females .
`` I considered that your views would be best carried out '' , he explained , `` by taking women whose progeny will of course be free & more fully extend the philantrophy of Emancipation .
Otherwise , freedom would mean removal from the state in which `` as the place of their past residence from birth , or for many years , it would be materially for their advantage to be at liberty to remain '' .
When Giffen decided to charge him interest on the loan from John Palfrey , Gorham readily assented , vowing that in a matter of dollars and cents , his brothers would never have any cause to complain of him .
Mrs. Child , who had once apologized for sending editor Palfrey a book on slavery , now confided that she had helped one of Henry Palfrey's slaves escape to Canada some years before , but asked him not to advertise the fact in Louisiana .
Instead of the expected `` annoyances '' due to the nature of his mission , he received many calling cards and invitations from `` gentlemen of mark , on whom I had no sort of claim , & have had many more invitations than I could accept '' .
He later told abolitionist Edmund Quincy of the `` marked attention and civility '' with which the New Orleans gentlemen and the upriver planters greeted him .
Palfrey's autobiography contains a melodramatic account of two perilous days spent among the planters of Attakapas , `` many of whom were coarse & passionate people , much excited by what they heard of my plans '' .
When a sailing date of March , 1845 was finally established , Palfrey made sure that the Negroes would have comfortable quarters in New Orleans and aboard ship .
Palfrey was also concerned about the question of what wage to pay for their labor throughout 1844 .
On March 21 , 1845 the bark Bashaw weighed anchor at New Orleans , while on the levee Henry and William Palfrey waved farewell to their father's former chattels who must have looked back at the receding shore with mingled regret and jubilation .
After an initial rejection , which he attributed to a `` general Excitement against Abolition and Emancipation '' , Giffen bribed the right individuals on the jury , and got the permission without further delay .
When the Negroes landed at Boston a month later they were , of course , no longer slaves .
Slavery was prohibited in Massachusetts by the terms of the constitution of 1780 , which declared `` all men are born free and equal '' .
An eyewitness recalled how awkward the red-turbaned colored women appeared as they curtseyed in the church doorway , and the diffidence the former slaves displayed while they listened to the few words that declared them free .
Ambassador-at-Large Averell Harriman has returned to the capital with a collection of paintings that include Renoir , Cezanne , Gauguin , Van Gogh , Toulouse-Lautrec , Degas , Matisse , Picasso , and Walt Kuhn .
Secretary of Defense Robert McNamara , former President of the Ford Motor Company , comes from a generation different from that of Eisenhower's own first Secretary of Defense , Charles Wilson , who had been head of General Motors .
Unlike Wilson , who at times seemed almost anti-intellectual in his earthy pragmatism .
He selected as Comptroller of Defense , not a veteran accountant , but a former Rhodes Scholar , Charles Hitch , who is author of a study on The Economics Of Defense In The Nuclear Age .
( `` It is always of sorrow to me when I find people who neither know nor understand music '' , he declared not long ago in proposing that White House prizes be awarded for music and art .
Postmaster General J. Edward Day , who must deal with matters of postal censorship , is himself author of a novel , Bartholf Street , albeit one he was obliged to publish at his own expense .
Walton , who soon made a break from journalism to become one of the capital's leading semi-abstract painters , vows that he and Kennedy never once discussed art in those days .
Walton , who served as a correspondent with General James Gavin's paratroopers during the invasion of France , combines the soul of an artist with the lingo of a tough guy .
He provoked outraged editorials when , after a post-Inaugural inspection of the White House with Mrs. Kennedy , he remarked to reporters , `` We just cased the joint to see what was there '' .
Udall , who comes from one of the Mormon first-families of Arizona , is a bluff , plain-spoken man with a lust for politics and a habit of landing right in the middle of the fight .
One tempest was stirred up last March when Udall announced that an eight-and-a-half-foot bronze statue of William Jennings Bryan , sculpted by the late Gutzon Borglum , would be sent `` on indefinite loan '' to Salem , Illinois , Bryan's birthplace .
They dug up a speech he had made two years earlier as a Congressman , decrying the more than two hundred statues , monuments , and memorials which `` dot the Washington landscape as patriotic societies and zealous friends are constantly hatching new plans '' .
Active warfare is raging between the forces pressing for a monument to the first Roosevelt on Theodore Roosevelt Island in the Potomac , and TR.'s own living children , who wish to preserve the island as a wildlife sanctuary .
One of Mrs. Kennedy's initial concerns as First Lady was the sad state of the furnishings in a building which is supposed to be a national shrine .
But it soon became clear that the search for eighteenth-century furniture ( which Mrs. Kennedy feels is the proper period for the White House ) must be pursued in places other than government storage rooms .
Congress had already appropriated money , and plans were well along to tear down the buildings flanking Lafayette Square and replace them with what one critic calls the `` marble monumentality '' of government office buildings .
What to do about it now that he was President ? ?
Then he called in his friend Walton and turned over the problem to him , with instructions to work out what was best -- provided it didn't pile unnecessary burdens on the President .
But Judge Marvin Jones , senior member of the Court , is an elderly gentleman who lives at the nearby Metropolitan Club and desires to walk to work .
The old Belasco Theater , over which many people had grown sentimental , was only a shell of its former self after arduous years as a USO Center .
And the automobiles that stream out of Hanover each weekend , toward Smith and Wellesley and Mount Holyoke , are no less rakish than those leaving Cambridge or West Philadelphia .
Thus , when Dartmouth's Winter Carnival -- widely recognized as the greatest , wildest , roaringest college weekend anywhere , any time -- was broadcast over a national television hookup , Prexy John Sloan Dickey appeared on the screen in rugged winter garb , topped off by a tam-o'-shanter which he confessed had been acquired from a Smith girl .
This is in honor of John Ledyard , class of 1773 , who scooped a canoe out of a handy tree and first set the course way back in his own student days .
Since the days when their two thousand pairs of skis outnumbered those assembled anywhere else in the United States , the students have stopped regarding the Olympic Ski Team as another name for their own .
Yet Dartmouth still is the dominant member of the Intercollegiate Ski Union , which includes the winter sports colleges of Canada as well as those of this country .
They can hire a horse and go ski-joring behind him , or move out to Oak Hill , where there's a lift .
Here , at the Ravine Lodge , President Dickey acts as host every year to about a hundred freshmen who are being introduced by the Dartmouth Outing Club to life on the trails .
Under the auspices of the Outing Club , Dartmouth also has the Mountaineering Club , which takes on tough climbs like Mount McKinley , and Bait & Bullet , whose interests are self-evident , and even sports a Woodman's Team , which competes with other New England colleges in wood sawing and chopping , canoe races , and the like .
There is much to be said for a college that , while happily attuned to the sophisticated Ivies , still gives its students a chance to get up early in the morning and drive along back roads where a glimpse of small game , deer , or even bear is not uncommon .
And on the summit of Mount Washington , where thirty-five degrees below zero is commonplace and the wind velocity has registered higher than anywhere else in the world , there is a kind of wisdom to be found that other men often seek in the Himalayas `` because it is there '' .
It fixed on Dartmouth College , which was ready-made and just what the proctor ordered .
`` It is , sir , as I have said , a small college , and yet there are those who love it .
Eleazar , pausing on the Hanover plain , found its great forests and remoteness good and with his own hands built the first College Hall , a log hut dedicated `` for the education & instruction of Youth of the Indian Tribes in this Land in reading , writing & all parts of learning which shall appear necessary and expedient for civilizing & christianizing Children of Pagans as well as in all liberal Arts and Sciences ; ;
The governor and his retinue thoughtfully brought with them a glorious silver punchbowl which is still one of the cherished possessions of the college .
By the end of the nineteenth century , in 1893 , when the Big Three , Columbia , and Penn were populous centers of learning , Dartmouth graduated only sixty-nine .
Students of the college who are candidates for the A.B. degree and can satisfy the academic requirements of the medical and business schools , may enter either of these associated schools at the beginning of senior year , thus completing the two-year postgraduate course in one year .
However much football has been over-emphasized , the public likes to measure its collegiate favorites by the scoreboard , so , while Yale need never give its record a thought again since outscoring its opponents 694 to 0 in the season of 1888 , Dartmouth had to wait until its championship team of 1925 for national recognition .
Today it espouses certain ideas in its curriculum that other institutions might consider somewhat breathtaking .
The person who left the buggy there has never been identified .
She didn't like her stepmother , but nothing is known to have occurred shortly before the crime that could have caused such a murderous rage .
He said Morse and Borden had quarreled violently in the house that day , information which must have come from Lizzie .
It was obviously the sound of this argument that caused Lizzie to close her door .
The New Bedford Standard-Times has reported Knowlton as saying , long after the trial , that if he only knew what Borden said during his conversation with Morse , he would have convicted `` somebody '' .
It is known that Morse did associate with a group of itinerant horse traders who made their headquarters at Westport , a town not far from Fall River .
Fall River police did go to Westport to see if they could get any information against Morse and possibly find an accomplice whom he might have hired from among these men .
The woman in the house where the niece was staying backed up his story and said she left when he did to shop for her dinner .
If this woman had delayed until after 11:20 to start her shopping , she would have had little time in which to prepare the substantial meal that was eaten at dinner in those days .
From that point on he said he went to the post office and then walked leisurely to where his niece was staying , more than a mile away .
There is no accounting of his movements in this long gap of time which covers the early hours when Mrs. Borden was killed .
Morse's knowledge of what Mrs. Borden told Bridget could indicate that he had returned secretly to the house and was hidden there .
And for a man who traveled around without any change of clothing , a few more stains on his dark suit may very well have gone unnoticed .
On the other side of the ledger is the fact that he did see his niece and the woman with whom she was staying .
He said he had promised Mrs. Borden to return in time for dinner and that was close to the time when he did turn up at the Borden house .
What did Pearson say about Bridget Sullivan as a possible suspect in his trial-book essay ? ?
Fleet asked the same question about Bridget , and Lizzie pointed out that as far as she knew Bridget had gone up to her room before her father's murder and came down when she called her .
At the inquest she was asked specifically whether she knew anybody her father had bad feelings toward , or who had bad feelings toward her father .
She replied , `` I know of one man that has not been friendly with him .
Asked who this was , she named Harrington .
When I interviewed Kirby , who as a boy picked up pears in the Borden yard , I asked if anybody else in the household besides Lizzie and Morse had been under any suspicion at the time of the murders .
`` How about Bridget Sullivan '' ? ?
`` Oh , she was just the maid there '' , he replied , waving a hand to indicate how completely unimportant she was .
Kirby was , of course , reflecting the opinion that existed at the time of murders .
All the officials on the case seem to have been afflicted with a similar myopia as far as Bridget was concerned , although records in police files contain many reports of servants who have murdered their employers .
There are also other factors that require closer examination .
The legend as it exists in Fall River today always includes the solemn assurance that Bridget returned to Ireland after the trial with a `` big bundle '' of cash which Lizzie gave her for keeping her mouth shut .
The people who believe and retell the legend have apparently never troubled to read the trial testimony and do not know that the maid changed her testimony on several key points , always to the detriment of Lizzie .
If Bridget did get any bundles of cash , the last person who would have rewarded her for services rendered would have been Lizzie Borden .
I have previously described how , during the week of the murder , Bridget spent the first few hot days scrubbing and ironing clothes .
Her father , James Upton , was the Upton mentioned by Hawthorne in the famous introduction to the Scarlet Letter as one of those who came into the old custom house to do business with him as the surveyor of the port .
When she was nine years old , she wrote a description of a store she had visited .
She named 48 items , and said there were `` many more things which it would take too long to write '' .
Lucy Upton was graduated from the Salem High School when few colleges , only Oberlin and Elmira , were open to women ; ;
and she had an appetite for learning that could not be denied .
He recalled Lucy , as `` a bright-looking black-eyed young lady who came regularly through the boys' study hall to join the class in Greek in the little recitation room beyond '' .
When her brother Winslow became a student at Brown University in 1874 , she wrote him about a course in history he was taking under Professor Diman : `` What is Prof. Diman's definition of civilization , and take the world through , is its progress ever onward , or does it retrograde at times ? ?
Many years later ( on August 3 , 1915 ) , Lucy Upton wrote Winslow's daughter soon to be graduated from Smith College : `` While I love botany which , after dabbling in for years , I studied according to the methods of that day exactly forty years ago in a summer school , it must be fascinating to take up zoology in the way you are doing .
Whatever was the science in the high school course for the time being , that was my favorite study .
She read Maitland's Dark Ages , `` which I enjoyed very much '' ; ;
She discussed in her letters to Winslow some of the questions that came to her as she studied alone .
Also Lucy and Winslow had a private contest to see which one could make the most words from the letters in `` importunately '' .
Who won is not revealed , but Winslow's daughter Eleanor says they got up to 1,212 words .
And it was Lucy Upton who first started the idea of a regular course in Music at Spelman College .
The six expeditions to study eclipses of the sun , of which he was a member , took him to Colorado , Virginia , and California as well as to the South Pacific and to Russia .
They were not sufficiently challenging however , and she resigned in 1887 , to go to Germany with her brother Winslow and his family while he was there on study .
What was called an `` accidental meeting '' with Miss Packard in Washington turned her attention to Spelman .
After correspondence with Miss Packard and to the joy of Miss Packard and Miss Giles , she came to Atlanta , in the fall of 1888 , to help wherever needed , although there was then no money available to pay her a salary .
of `` her exquisiteness of dress '' , `` her well-modulated voice that went straight to the hearts of the hearers '' ; ;
In 1890 when the trip to Europe and the Holy Land was arranged for Miss Packard , it was Miss Upton who planned the trip , and `` with rare executive ability '' bore the brunt of `` the entire pilgrimage from beginning to end '' .
When Dr. Wallace Buttrick , wise in his judgment of people , declined to have the Science Building named for him , he wrote Miss Tapley ( April 7 , 1923 ) `` If you had asked me , I think I would have suggested that you name the building for Miss Upton .
The raising of the $25,000 Improvement Fund two days before the time limit expired , and the spontaneous `` praise demonstration '' held afterward on the campus , were reported as events which had brought happiness to Miss Giles .
She spoke also with deep thankfulness of the many individuals and agencies whose interest and efforts through the years had made the work so fruitful in results .
and when school closed , she was unable to travel to Massachusetts .
With infinite patience she responded to every call , no matter at what cost to herself , and to her all went , for she was sure to have the needed information or word of cheer .
Formally organized vocational programs supported by federal funds allow high school students to gain experience in a field of work which is likely to lead to a full-time job on graduation .
In a few places cooperative programs between schools and employers in clerical work have shown the same possibilities for allowing the student , while still in school , to develop skills which are immediately marketable upon graduation .
In general , however , it may be said that when a boy or a girl leaves the high school , the school authorities play little or no part in the decision of what happens next .
When there is employment opportunity for youth , this arrangement -- or lack of arrangement -- works out quite well .
Indeed , in some periods of our history and in some neighborhoods the job opportunities have been so good that undoubtedly a great many boys who were potential members of the professions quit school at an early age and went to work .
I make no attempt to measure the enduring satisfaction and material well-being of a man who went to work on graduation from high school and was highly successful in the business which he entered .
He may or may not be `` better off '' than his classmate who went on to a college and professional school .
In a later chapter dealing with the suburban school , I shall discuss the importance of arranging a program for the academically talented and highly gifted youth in any high school where he is found .
High motivation towards higher education must start early enough so that by the time the boy or girl reaches grade 9 he or she has at least developed those basic skills which are essential for academic work .
How can the vicious circle be broken ? ?
This is a problem to which leaders of opinion , both Negro and white , should devote far more attention .
First and foremost , vocational courses should not replace courses which are essential parts of the required academic program for graduation .
they realize the relevance of what they are learning to their future careers , and this sense of purpose is carried over to the academic courses which they are studying at the same time .
This last point is important because if high school pupils are aware that few , if any , graduates who have chosen a certain vocational program have obtained a job as a consequence of the training , the whole idea of relevance disappears .
Vocational training which holds no hope that the skill developed will be in fact a marketable skill becomes just another school `` chore '' for those whose interest in their studies has begun to falter .
Those who , because of population mobility and the reputed desire of employers to train their own employees , would limit vocational education to general rather than specific skills ought to bear in mind the importance of motivation in any kind of school experience .
These courses develop skills other than those we think of when we use the adjective `` academic '' .
Similarly , a girl who graduates with a good working knowledge of stenography and the use of clerical machines and who is able to get a job at once may wish to improve her skill and knowledge by a year or two of further study in a community college or secretarial school .
So , too , is the mathematical competence of a college graduate who has majored in mathematics .
In a sense almost all high school and college courses could be considered as vocational to the extent that later in life the student in his vocation ( which may be a profession ) will be called upon to use some of the skills developed and the competence obtained .
Perhaps a course in typewriting might be regarded as the exception which proves the rule .
Today many college bound students try to take a course in personal typing , as they feel a certain degree of mastery of this skill is almost essential for one who proposes to do academic work in college and a professional school .
Therefore employment and education in all the schools in a metropolitan area are related in different ways from those which are characteristic of the comprehensive high school described in my first report .
It is not often realized to what degree certain trades are in many communities closed areas of employment , except for a lucky few .
It is far more difficult in many communities to obtain admission to an apprentice program which involves union approval than to get into the most selective medical school in the nation .
Two stories will illustrate what I have in mind .
In the city , he said , the waiting list for those who want to join the union is so long that unless a boy has an inside track he can't get in .
In a far distant part of the United States , I was talking to an instructor about a boy who in the twelfth grade was doing special work .
`` What does he have in mind to do when he graduates '' ? ?
In my view , there should be a school which offers significant vocational programs for boys within easy reach of every family in a city .
Ideally these schools should be so located that one or more should be in the area where demand for practical courses is at the highest .
In the United States , where half of the world crop is grown , soybeans are processed for their edible oil .
Blanched peanuts , as prepared for making peanut butter or for eating as nuts , are roasted seeds whose seedcoats have been rubbed off .
In western Europe and North America , where the level of economic development is higher , grains and other seed products furnish less than one-third of the food consumed .
People depend less on seeds for foods in Australia , New Zealand , and Argentina , where extensive grazing lands support sheep or cattle , and the consumption of meat is high .
The efficiency with which animals convert grains and forages to meat has risen steadily in the United States since the 1930's and has paralleled the increased feeding of the cake and meal that are a byproduct when seeds are processed for oil .
These oils develop hard , smooth films when they dry and form resinlike substances .
The artist who paints in oil uses drying oils to carry the pigments and to protect his finished work for the ages .
Sizable amounts of soybean , coconut , and palm kernel oil -- seed oils that are produced primarily for food purposes -- also are used to make soaps , detergents , and paint resins .
In other countries where cereal grains are not among the principal crops of a region , starchy tubers or roots are processed for starch .
Exports from producing countries in terms of equivalent oil were a little more than 1 million tons , about half of which was palm kernels or oil from them and about half was palm oil .
the soap nut , which owes its sudsing power to natural saponins ; ;
and the sweet-smelling cumara nut , which is suited for perfumes .
A forest crop that has not been extensively cultivated is ivory nuts from the tagua palm .
Sesame seed , which comes from the tall pods of a plant grown in Egypt , Brazil , and Central America , has a toasted-nut flavor and can be used in almost any dish calling for almonds .
The value of products from these industries was 15.8 billion dollars , of which about one-third was created by manufacturing processes .
Not included was the value of seed oil in paints and varnishes or the value of the coffee and chocolate industries that are based on imported seed or seed products .
Cattle were inclined to remain in a territory with which they were acquainted .
Yet there were always some that moved farther and farther out , seekin' grass and water .
but when a large number were `` bunched up '' or `` banded up '' , and marched away from their home range , as long as they stayed together the group was said to be a `` drift '' .
Cattle were said to be `` potted '' when `` blizzard choked '' , that is , caught in a corner or a draw , or against a `` drift fence '' durin' a storm .
Cattle which died from them winter storms were referred to as the `` winter kill '' .
When cattle in winter stopped and humped their backs up they were said to `` bow up '' .
`` Mixed herd '' meant a herd of mixed sexes , while a `` straight steer herd '' was one composed entirely of steers , and when the cowman spoke of `` mixed cattle '' , he meant cattle of various grades , ages , and sexes .
In the spring when penned cattle were turned out to grass , this was spoken of as `` turn-out time '' , or `` put to grass '' .
When a cow came out of a corral in a crouchin' run she was said to `` come out a-stoopin' '' .
It was when she was in this position that the name `` prayin' cow '' was suggested to the cowboy .
They were said to be `` on their heads '' when grazin' .
When a cowboy spoke of `` dustin' '' a cow , he meant that he throwed dust into her eyes .
The cow , unlike a bull or steer , kept her eyes open and her mind on her business when chargin' , and a cow `` on the prod '' or `` on the peck '' was feared by the cowhand more than any of his other charges .
Any animal could when travelin' fast , be sent heels over head by the simple process of overtakin' the brute , seizin' its tail , and givin' the latter a pull to one side .
When cattle became more valuable , ranch owners frowned upon this practice and it was discontinued , at least when the boss was 'round .
When the cowboy used the word `` tailin's '' , he meant stragglers .
The northern cowboy called all the red Mexican cattle which went up the trail `` Sonora reds '' , while they called all cattle drove up from Mexico `` yaks '' , because they came from the Yaqui Injun country , or gave 'em the name of `` Mexican buckskins '' .
Near the southern border , cattle of the early longhorn breed whose coloration was black with a lineback , with white speckles frequently appearin' on the sides and belly , were called `` zorrillas '' .
Countin' each grazin' bunch of cattle where it was found on the range and driftin' it back so that it didn't mix with the uncounted cattle was called a `` range count '' .
This method of countin' was usually done at the request , and in the presence , of a representative of the bank that held the papers against the herd .
This became a common byword durin' the boom days when Eastern and foreign capital were so eager to buy cattle interests .
His saloon was a meetin' place for influential Wyoming cattlemen , and one year durin' a severe blizzard , when his herd-owner customers were wearin' long faces , he said , `` Cheer up , boys , whatever happens , the books won't freeze '' .
In this carefree sentence he summed up the essence of the prevailin' custom of buyin' by book count , and created a sayin' which has survived through the years .
`` Range delivery '' meant that the buyer , after examinin' the seller's ranch records and considerin' his rep'tation for truthfulness , paid for what the seller claimed to own , then rode out and tried to find it .
When a cowhand said that a man had `` good cow sense '' , he meant to pay 'im a high compliment .
No matter by what name cattle were called , there was no denyin' that they not only saved Texas from financial ruin , but went far toward redeemin' from a wilderness vast territories of the Northwest .
the first use of the word `` rustler '' was as a synonym for `` hustler '' , becomin' an established term for any person who was active , pushin' , and bustlin' in any enterprise .
Again it was used as the title for the hoss wrangler , and when the order was given to go out and `` rustle the hosses '' , it meant for 'im to go out and herd 'em in .
Later , the word became almost exclusively applied to a cow thief , startin' from the days of the maverick when cowhands were paid by their employers to `` get out and rustle a few mavericks '' .
It was John who found the lion tracks .
He found them near the carcass of a zebra that had been killed the night before , and he circled once , nose to the ground , hair shooting up along his back , as it did when he was after lion or bear , and then he lifted his head and bayed , and the pack joined in , all heads high , and Jones knew it was a hot trail .
Kearton got off and tore up some dry grass that grew in cracks between the rocks and piled it in a heap and wanted to make the smoke signal that would bring Loveless and Means and the rest of the party .
`` That will fetch the gang and tell the Colonel where we are '' .
The route was choked with rugged lava-rocks , creepers and bushes , so thickly overgrown that when Kearton lost sight of Ulyate and called , Ulyate answered from ten feet away .
Ulyate and Kearton climbed on toward the sound of the barking of the dogs and the sporadic roaring of the lion , till they came , out of breath , to the crest , and peering through the branches of a bush , this is what Ulyate saw : Jones who had apparently ( and actually had ) ridden up the nearly impassable hillside , sitting calmly on his horse within forty feet of a full-grown young lioness , who was crouched on a flat rock and seemed just about to charge him , while the dogs whirled around her .
And when they had drawn back a step he added : `` Jones is sitting on his horse right in front of her .
Why she doesn't charge him , I don't know .
Jones had been about a hundred and fifty feet from her when he first broke through to the top of the Reef .
She was standing on a flat rock three feet above ground and when she saw him she rose to full height and roared , opening her mouth wide , lashing her tail , and stamping at the rock with both forefeet in irritation , as much as to say : `` How dare you disturb me in my sacred precinct '' ? ?
It was falling over her head when a branch of a bush caught it and it fell in front of her on the rock .
She whirled and faced him , roaring terribly , and Ulyate , watching through the leaves , could not understand why she did not charge and obliterate him , because he wouldn't have much of a chance of getting away , in that thick growth , but she seemed just a trace uncertain ; ;
For two hours they drove her from one strong point to another along the side of the Reef , trying to maneuver her onto the plain where they could get a good throw .
Ulyate made no comment but his face showed what he thought of poking ropes over lions' heads with poles , and of course these were the lions of fifty years ago , not the gentler ones of today , and this one was angry , with good reason .
How much head start ? ?
The lioness quickly changed front , when she saw she couldn't catch Means , and made for Jones .
When Jones too drew away , she returned to a thorn bush in the neck of land running into the gully , crouched low and waited as before .
But the time came when a church that had no part in the missionary movement was looked upon as deficient in its essential life .
The Christian education of children , too , was once hardly more than a sideshow , but the day came when a congregation that did not assume full oversight of a church school was thought of as failing in its duty .
They may even dismiss it from their minds as something that concerns only the `` ecclesiastical Rover Boys '' , as someone has dubbed them , who like to go to national and international assemblies , and have expense accounts that permit them to do so .
Progress will take place far less through what is done in any `` summit conference '' of the National Council or the World Council , or even in offices of the denominational boards , than through what happens in the communities where Christian people live together as neighbors .
The front line of advance is where witnessing and worshiping congregations of different traditions exist side by side .
As things now stand , there is a grievous disparity between the unity in Christ which we profess in ecumenical meetings and the complacent separateness of most congregations on any Main Street in the nation .
The decisive question is what happens within each congregation and , finally , in the minds and hearts of the individual members .
One is that whatever is ecumenical has to do with some over-all organization at `` the top '' and needs only to be understood at the so-called `` lower levels '' .
However needed this may be , the fundamental problem is not information but active commitment to the total mission of the church of Christ in the world .
The basic unit in the church , of whatever denominational polity , is always the congregation .
How far the fellowship in most local churches falls below what the New Testament means by koinonia ! !
What is now called Christian fellowship is often little more than the social chumminess of having a gracious time with the kind of people one likes .
As Dietrich Bonhoffer puts it , `` Our community with one another consists solely in what Christ has done to both of us '' .
This may mean having fellowship in the church with people with whom , on the level of merely human agreeableness , we might prefer not to have any association at all .
There is a vast difference between the community of reconciliation which the New Testament describes and the community of congeniality found in the average church building .
Whenever a congregation really sees itself as a unit in the universal Church , in vital relation with the whole Body of Christ and participating in His mission to the world , a necessary foundation-stone of the ecumenical movement has been laid .
Of course , the perspective of those who are dealing directly with the world-wide problems of the People of God will always be different from the perspective of those who are dealing with the nearby problems of particular persons in a particular place .
Our difficulty arises when either viewpoint shuts out the other .
And this is what all too often happens .
When he had the mishap of breaking his spectacles , his ecumenical colleagues insisted on providing him with new ones .
He often spoke of them as his `` ecumenical '' glasses and used them as a symbol of the kind of vision that is required in the church .
It is , he said , a bifocal vision , which can see both the near-at-hand and the distant and keep a Christian in right relation to both .
On the one hand , there are ecumenists who are so stirred by the crises of the church in its encounter with the world at large that they have no eyes for what the church is doing in their own town .
They do not escape the pitfall into which Charles Dickens pictured Mrs. Jellyby as falling .
As a result , they go on thinking of the church , with introverted and self-centered satisfaction , only in connection with the way in which it serves them and their families .
It draws young people into the circle of those who continue the life of the church from generation to generation .
And it is easy for the ecumenical enthusiast to lose sight of how basic all this is .
But what is this church doing to help its members understand their roles as Christians in the world ? ?
It is raising no disturbing question as to what Christian stewardship means for the relationship of the richest nation in the world to economically underdeveloped peoples .
It is not developing an awareness of the new kind of missionary strategy that is called for as young churches emerge in Asia and Africa .
To put it bluntly , many a local church is giving its members only what they consciously want .
There is a humorous but revealing story about a rancher who owned a large slice of Texas and who wanted to have on it everything that was necessary for a completely pleasant community .
`` Why , no , ma'am '' , he replied , `` this church belongs to me '' ! !
There must first be a deeper sense that the church belongs not to us but to Christ , and that it is His purpose , not our own interests and preferences , that determines what it is to be and do .
A local church which conceives its function to be entirely that of ministering to the conscious desires and concerns of its members tends to look on everything ecumenical as an extra , not as a normal aspect of its own life as a church .
and buggies and wagons and chugging Fords kept gathering all morning , until the edges of the field were packed thick and small boys kept scampering out on the playing field to make fun of the visitors -- whose pitcher was a formidable looking young man with the only baseball cap .
This was a bitterly fought game , carrying almost as much grudge as a fist fight , with no friendliness exhibited between the teams except the formal politeness that accompanied the setting forth of ground rules and agreements on balls that went into the crowd .
At one point in the game when the skinny old man in suspenders who was acting as umpire got in the way of a thrown ball and took it painfully in the kidneys , he lay there unattended while players and spectators wrangled over whether the ball was `` dead '' or the base runners were free to score .
This was typical of such games , which were earnestly played to win and practically never wound up in an expression of good fellowship .
When the visitors , after losing this game , rode along the village streets toward home , the youngsters who could keep abreast of them for a moment or two screamed triumphantly , `` You bunch of hay-shakers ! !
Nearly any lad with a modicum of skill might find a payday awaiting him in the Three I League , or the Pony League , or the Coastal Plains League , or the fast Eastern League , if not indeed in one of the hundreds of city leagues that abounded everywhere .
Even a city of thirty thousand might have six baseball teams , sponsored by grocers and hardware merchants or department stores , that played two or three times a week throughout the summer , usually in the cool of the evening , before an earnest and partisan audience who did not begrudge a quarter each , or even more , to be dropped into a hat when the game was half over .
His face was always in the newspapers , sometimes in cartoons that seemed nearly as large as life .
Other hitters bloomed with more or less vigor in the news and a few even dared to dream of matching Ruth , who was still called Jidge by all his friends , or Leo or Two-Head by those who dared to taunt him ( Leo was the name of the ball player he liked the least ) and who called most of the world `` Kid '' .
But the nickname never stuck and Gehrig was no match for Ruth in `` color '' -- which is sometimes a polite word for delinquent behavior on and off the field .
Ruth was a delinquent boy still , but he was in every way a great ball player who was out to win the game and occasionally risked a cracked bone to do it .
One who , for a time , succeeded best and was still the sorriest of all was Charles Arthur Shires , who called himself , in the newspapers , Art the Great , or The Great Shires .
and a policeman asserted he had found a pair of brass knuckles in Art's pocket once when he had occasion to collar the Great First Baseman for some forgotten reason .
( This made a sportswriter named Pegler wonder in print if Art had worn this armament when he defeated his manager .
) The sorry fact about this young man , who was barely of age when he broke into major-league baseball , was that he really was a better ball player than he was given credit for being -- never so good as he claimed , and always an irritant to his associates , but a good steady performer when he could fight down the temptation to orate on his skills or cut up in public .
In his minor way Charles Arthur Shires was perhaps more typical of his era than Ruth was , for he was but one of many young men who laid waste their talents in these Scott Fitzgerald days for the sake of earning space in the newspapers .
There were others who climbed flagpoles and refused to come down ; ;
or who ingested strange objects , like live fish ; ;
or who undertook to set records for remaining erect on a dance floor , with or without a partner ; ;
or who essayed to down full bottles of illicit gin without pausing for breath .
Boston fans sometimes liked to wring some wry satisfaction out of the fact that most of the great 1923-27 crew were graduates of the Red Sox -- sold to millionaires Huston and Ruppert by a man who could not deny them their most trifling desire .
Ruth himself , still owning his farm in Massachusetts and an interest in the Massachusetts cigar business that printed his round boyish face on the wrappers , had led the parade down from Fenway Park , followed by pitchers Carl Mays , Leslie `` Joe '' Bush , Waite Hoyt , Herb Pennock , and Sam Jones , catcher Wally Schang , third baseman Joe Dugan ( who completed the `` playboy trio '' of Ruth , Dugan , and Hoyt ) , and shortstop Everett Scott .
By 1926 , when the mighty Yanks were at their mightiest , only a few of these were left but they still shone brightest , even beside able and agile rookies like Tony Lazzeri ( who managed never to have one of his epileptic fits on the field ) , Mark Koenig , Lou Gehrig , George Pipgras , and gray-thatched Earl Combs .
The deeds of this team , through two seasons and in the two World's Series that followed , have been written and talked about until hardly a word is left to be said .
But there is one small episode that a few New York fans who happened to sit in the cheap seats for one World's Series game in 1926 like best to recall .
Babe Ruth , as he always did in the Stadium , played right field to avoid having the sun in his eyes , and Tommy Thevenow , a rather mediocre hitter who played shortstop for the St. Louis Cardinals , knocked a ball with all his might into the sharp angle formed by the permanent stands and the wooden bleachers , where Ruth could not reach it .
But , as he snarled unhappily when the inning was over , `` not a sonofabitch in the place would tell me '' , so little Tommy ran all the way home .
Promoters always hastened to place their choice tickets in the hands of the wealthy speculators , and only the man who knew the man who knew the fellow who had an in with the guy at the box office ever came up with a good seat for a contest of any importance .
Radio broadcasts , however -- now that even plain people could afford `` loud speakers '' on their sets -- held old fans to the major-league races and attracted new ones , chiefly women , who through what the philosopher called the ineluctable modality of audition , became first inured , then attracted , then addicted to the long afternoon recitals of the doings in some distant baseball park .
In some cities games were broadcast throughout the week and then on weekends the announcer was silenced , and fans must needs drive to the city from all the broadcast area to discover how their heroes were faring .
This had a pleasant effect upon the Sunday gate receipts as well as upon the intake of the rail and bus companies , some of which began to offer special excursion rates , including seats at the park , just as the trolley and ferry companies had when baseball was new .
While women had always attended ball games in small numbers ( it was the part of a `` dead game sport '' in the early years of the twentieth century to be taken out to the ball park and to root , root , root for the home team ) , they had often sat in patient martyrdom , unable even to read the scoreboard , which sometimes seemed to indicate that one team led another by a score of three hundred and eighty to one hundred and fifty-one .
for every grown man ( except a few who were always suspected of being shy on virility ) knew at least the fundamentals of baseball , just as every male American in this era liked to imagine ( or pretend ) that he could fight with his fists .
Women actually began to appear unaccompanied in the stands , where they still occasionally ran the risk of coming home with a tobacco-juice stain on a clean skirt or a new curse word tingling their ears .
The radio broadcasts themselves were often so patiently informative , despite the baseball jargon , that girls and women could begin to store up in their minds the same sort of random and meaningless statistics that small boys had long learned better than they ever did their lessons in school .
Our discussion of this involves using Erik Erikson's schema of `` identity vs. identity diffusion '' as a conceptual tool in superimposing a few common denominators onto the diverse personality and family configurations of the unwed mothers from whose case histories we quoted earlier .
Hypothesizing a series of developmental stages that begin in the individual's infancy and end in his old age , Erikson has indicated that the adolescent is faced with a series of identity crises .
Time perspective -- the ability to plan for the future and to postpone gratifying immediate wants in order to achieve long-range objectives -- is more easily developed if , from infancy on , the individual has been able to rely on and trust people and the world in which she lives .
Some of these mothers , apparently feeling a desperate urgency , made , on the spur of the moment , commitments , in love and sex , that would have life-long consequences .
In the specific case of time diffusion , we must emphasize the significance of the earlier development of mistrust when it is combined with the inevitable time crisis experienced by most ( if not all ) adolescents in our society , and with the failure of the adolescent period to provide opportunities for developing trust .
and it is better to be shamed and criticized by one's parents , who already consider one different and difficult to understand , than by one's peers , who are also experiencing a similar groping for and denial of adult status .
The adolescent's capacity to anticipate achievement and to exercise the self-discipline necessary to complete tasks successfully depends on the degree to which he or she developed autonomy , initiative , and self-discipline during childhood .
The developmental process involves the individual's progressively experiencing a sense of dignity and achievement resulting from having completed tasks , having kept commitments , and having created something ( however small or simple -- even a doll dress of one's own design rather than in the design `` it ought to be '' ) .
She may well be incapacitated by it when she is confronted with present and future alternatives -- e.g. , whether to prepare primarily for a career or for the role of a homemaker ; ;
and in the fact that she bases her decisions about work , college , carreer , and studies on what others are doing , rather than on her own sense of identity with given skills , abilities , likes , and dislikes .
The absence , during her childhood and early adolescence , of experiences in developing the self-discipline to complete tasks within her ability -- experiences that would have been subsequent sources of anticipation of achievement -- and her lack of childhood opportunities to practice autonomy and initiative in play and expression , both tend in her adolescence to deprive her of the freedoms to role-experiment and to fail occasionally in experimenting .
These things both express and , at the same time , continue contributing to , their identity diffusion in an area that could have become a source of developing dignity and self-certainty .
It provides identification -- with an idea , a value , a cause that cuts through , or even transcends , the multiple and ambivalent identities of their passage from child to adult , and permits their forceful and overt expression of emotion .
The diffusion is most pronounced and most likely to become fixed , however , in those who have had no or very minimal opportunities to develop the autonomy and initiative that could have been directed into constructive expression and so served as sources of developing self-certainty .
For example , it is evinced by the adolescent ( or adult ) whose beliefs and actions represent primarily his rebellion and reaction against the ideas and behavior patterns of others , rather than his inner conviction and choice .
It is mirrored by the individual Willie Lohmans , whose ideas and behavior patterns are so dependent and relativistic that they always coincide with those of the individual or group present and most important at the moment .
In another sense , it is represented in the arguments of the `` true believers '' who seek to disprove the validity of all other beliefs and ideas in order to retain confidence in theirs .
For example , the unwed mothers expressed their frustration with males who did not indicate more explicitly `` what it is they really want from a girl so one can act accordingly '' .
and they censured parents who `` never disciplined and were too permissive '' or who `` never explained how easy it was to get pregnant '' .
In the adult world , there are a number of rather general and diffuse sources of ideological diffusion that further compound the adolescent's search for meaning during this particular identity crisis .
Yet the huge amount of money consumed by the Selden litigation , which many regarded as wasteful , indirectly contributed to constructive changes in legal procedure .
The suit , as we have seen , came before the courts when patent attorneys , inventors , and laymen were making mounting demands for reforms in the American patent system .
The fundamental difficulty of which the Selden case was `` a striking ( though not singular ) example '' , concluded Hough , `` will remain as long as testimony is taken without any authoritative judicial officer present , and responsible for the maintenance of discipline , and the reception or exclusion of testimony '' .
Not least among the members of the patent bar who echoed this powerful indictment were those who had participated in the Selden suit .
Parker , who agreed with much of this criticism , did not conceal his dissatisfaction with procedural defects .
`` This very seldom happens in this class or in other cases , and of course all of these matters led to a volume and an expense of the record beyond what ordinarily would occur '' .
Parker called for abolition of the indiscriminate or uncontrolled right of taking depositions before officers of the court who had no authority to limit testimony .
In the end Hough's acidulous protest , which Parker called the `` now somewhat famous note on this ' Selden ' case '' , did not go unheeded .
In 1912 the United States Supreme Court adopted a new set of rules of equity which became effective on February 1 , 1913 .
One of the A.L.A.M. lawyers observed that if the Selden case had been tried under this simplified procedure , the testimony which filled more than a score of volumes , `` at a minimum cost of $1 a page for publication alone , could have been contained in one volume '' .
The trade bodies which came in the wake of the A.L.A.M. were more representative , for they never adopted a policy of exclusion .
This scheme failed , and the following decade brought a deluge of infringement suits among individual manufacturers that reached its crest in 1912 .
But Henry Ford used the planetary transmission in his Model T and earlier cars and , in 1905 , as a precautionary measure , took out a license from the man who claimed to be its inventor .
For those affiliated with it , the A.L.A.M. pool was a haven from the infringement actions involving detail patents that beset the industry with mounting intensity after 1900 .
By 1910 the courts were crowded with cases , many of them brought by freebooters who trafficked in disputed inventions .
`` Purely from the business man's standpoint and without regard to the lawyer's view '' , commented a trade journal , `` the matter of patents in the automobile and accessory trade is developing some phases and results that challenge thought as to how far patents are to become weapons of warfare in business , instead of simple beneficient protection devices for encouraging inventive creation '' .
One manufacturer who held an allegedly basic patent said : `` I would readily put over $50,000 into the manufacture of the device , but it is so easy to make that we would enter immediately into a prolonged ordeal of patent litigation which would eat up all our profits '' .
The prevailing view in the industry was summed up in 1912 by a group of auto makers who told a Senate committee : `` The exceedingly unsatisfactory and uselessly expensive conditions , including delays surrounding legal disputes , particularly in patent litigation , are items of industrial burden which must be written large in figures of many millions of dollars of industrial waste '' .
Hanch was treasurer of the Nordyke & Marmon Company , an Indianapolis firm which had manufactured flour-milling machinery before producing the Marmon car in 1904 .
He had first-hand knowledge of the patent wars which had driven about ninety per cent of the milling equipment makers out of business in the mid-1890's .
`` It is a much easier course to agree to let one another alone so far as ordinary patents are concerned '' , said a trade authority , `` than to continue the costly effort of straightening the tangle in the courts or seeking to reform the patent system , which appears to be getting into deeper confusion every day '' .
With the other members of the patents committee -- Wilfred C. Leland , Howard E. Coffin , Windsor T. White , and W. H. Vandervoort -- Hanch drafted a cross-licensing agreement whose essential feature of royalty-free licensing was his own contribution .
You will visit a few churches that are exceptional yet often by-passed , a magnificent square , the main shopping district , the Spanish Steps , and the lovely Pincian Gardens .
You will realize why Rome is indeed the Eternal City .
Keep straight ahead on the Via Falegnami , cross the wide Via Arenula , and you will come to the Piazza B. Cairoli , where you should look in at the Church of San Carlo Ai Catinari to see the frescoes on the ceiling .
The great architect also designed the fine interior staircase and colonnade which connects the two courts .
The large statue on the first floor is believed to be the statue of Pompey at the base of which Julius Caesar was stabbed to death ( if so , the statue once stood in the senate house ) .
When you stand before the barrel-vaulted colonnade you have the impression that the statue at the end is at a considerable distance , yet it is actually only a few feet away .
Michelangelo was the most distinguished of several noted architects who helped design it .
As you approach the church on the Via D. Baullari you are passing within yards of the remains of the Roman Theatre of Pompey , near which is believed to have been the place where Julius Caesar was assassinated .
Your first impression of this elongated square with its three elegant fountains , its two churches that almost face each other , and its russet-colored buildings , is a sense of restful spaciousness -- particularly welcome after wandering around the narrow and dark streets that you have followed since starting this walk .
The site of the oblong piazza is Domitian's ancient stadium , which was probably used for horse and chariot races .
Giovanni Bernini's `` Fountain of the Rivers '' , in the center of the piazza , is built around a Roman obelisk from the Circus of Maxentius which rests on grottoes and rocks , with four huge figures , one at each corner , denoting four great rivers from different continents -- the Danube , the Ganges , the Nile , and the Plate .
In the Piazza Navona there are many delightful cafes where you can sit , have a drink or lunch , and watch the fountains in the square .
Its rotunda forms a perfect circle whose diameter is equal to the height from the floor to the ceiling .
Standing before the tomb of Raphael , the great genius of the Renaissance , when shafts of sunlight are penetrating this great Roman temple , you are once again reminded of the varied civilizations so characteristic of Rome .
( Along the way there , about one hundred yards on your right , you pass a simple restaurant , La Sacrestia , where you can have the best pizza in Rome .
The great column from which the square takes its name was erected by the Emperor Marcus Aurelius .
Here is your opportunity to see the inside of a palazzo where the family still lives .
You will come to Alemagna , a delightful , though moderately expensive restaurant , which is particularly noted for its exceptional selection of ice creams and patisseries .
The second walk through the heart of Rome should be taken after lunch , so that you will reach the Pincian Hill when the soft light of the late afternoon is at its best .
Rare , indeed , is the Harlem citizen , from the most circumspect church member to the most shiftless adolescent , who does not have a long tale to tell of police incompetence , injustice , or brutality .
He , too , believes in good intentions and is astounded and offended when they are not taken for the deed .
He has never , himself , done anything for which to be hated -- which of us has ? ?
-- and yet he is facing , daily and nightly , people who would gladly see him dead , and he knows it .
which is precisely what , and where , he is , and is the reason he walks in twos and threes .
And he is not the only one who knows why he is always in company : the people who are watching him know why , too .
Any street meeting , sacred or secular , which he and his colleagues uneasily cover has as its explicit or implicit burden the cruelty and injustice of the white domination .
He is not prepared for it -- naturally , nobody is -- and , what is possibly much more to the point , he is exposed , as few white people are , to the anguish of the black people around him .
He can retreat from his uneasiness in only one direction : into a callousness which very shortly becomes second nature .
Before the dust has settled or the blood congealed , editorials , speeches , and civil-rights commissions are loud in the land , demanding to know what happened .
What happened is that Negroes want to be treated like men .
People who have mastered Kant , Hegel , Shakespeare , Marx , Freud , and the Bible find this statement utterly impenetrable .
and he asked me in perfect innocence , `` Why don't all the Negroes in the South move North '' ? ?
I tried to explain what has happened , unfailingly , whenever a significant body of Negroes move North .
But inevitably the border which has divided the ghetto from the rest of the world falls into the hands of the ghetto .
and what has once been a neighborhood turns into a `` turf '' .
This is precisely what happened when the Puerto Ricans arrived in their thousands -- and the bitterness thus caused is , as I write , being fought out all up and down those streets .
They seem to feel that because they fought on the right side during the Civil War , and won , they have earned the right merely to deplore what is going on in the South , without taking any responsibility for it ; ;
and that they can ignore what is happening in Northern cities because what is happening in Little Rock or Birmingham is worse .
Well , in the first place , it is not possible for anyone who has not endured both to know which is `` worse '' .
I know Negroes who prefer the South and white Southerners , because `` At least there , you haven't got to play any guessing games '' ! !
I know another Negro , a man very dear to me , who says , with conviction and with truth , `` The spirit of the South is the spirit of America '' .
In the second place , though , even if Birmingham is worse , no doubt Johannesburg , South Africa , beats it by several miles , and Buchenwald was one of the worst things that ever happened in the entire history of the world .
Thirdly , the South is not merely an embarrassingly backward region , but a part of this country , and what happens there concerns every one of us .
As far as the color problem is concerned , there is but one great difference between the Southern white and the Northerner : the Southerner remembers , historically and in his own psyche , a kind of Eden in which he loved black people and they loved him .
Personally , it is the Southerner's sexual coming of age , when , without any warning , unbreakable taboos are set up between himself and his past .
It seems to be indispensable to the national self-esteem that the Negro be considered either as a kind of ward ( in which case we are told how many Negroes , comparatively , bought Cadillacs last year and how few , comparatively , were lynched ) , or as a victim ( in which case we are promised that he will never vote in our assemblies or go to school with our kids ) .
The country will not change until it re-examines itself and discovers what it really means by freedom .
Walk through the streets of Harlem and see what we , this nation , have become .
God knows what the African nations , who hold 25 per cent of the voting stock in the U.N. were thinking -- they may , for example , have been thinking of the U.S. abstention when the vote on Algerian freedom was before the Assembly -- but I think I have a fairly accurate notion of what the Negroes in the gallery were thinking .
I was curious to know if Lumumba's death , which is surely among the most sinister of recent events , would elicit from `` our '' side anything more than the usual , well-meaning rhetoric .
According , then , to what I take to be the prevailing view , these rioters were merely a handful of irresponsible , Stalinist-corrupted provocateurs .
It is a view which even a minimal effort at observation would immediately contradict .
And the second question is : Why don't those who now live here move out ? ?
Unless one takes refuge in the theory -- however disguised -- that Negroes are , somehow , different from white people , I do not see how one can escape the conclusion that the Negro's status in this country is not only a cruel injustice but a grave national liability .
Wherever there is great social discontent , these people are , sooner or later , to be found .
Their presence is not as frightening as the discontent which creates their opportunity .
What I find appalling -- and really dangerous -- is the American assumption that the Negro is so contented with his lot here that only the cynical agents of a foreign power can rouse him to protest .
It is a notion which contains a gratuitous insult , implying , as it does , that Negroes can make no move unless they are manipulated .
Each film consisted of fifty feet , which gives a running time of about one minute on the screen .
Motion-picture exhibitions took place in stores in a general atmosphere like that of the penny arcade which can still be found in such urban areas as Times Square .
Of the two , Porter is justly the better known , for he went far beyond the vital finding of fiction for films to take the first step toward fashioning a language of film , toward making the motion picture the intricate , efficient time machine that it has remained since , even in the most inept hands .
Melies , however , out of his professional instincts as a magician , discovered and made use of a number of illusionary techniques that remain part of the vocabulary of film .
One of these is the `` dissolve '' , which makes possible a visually smooth transition from scene to scene .
Physically , a movie is possible because a series of images is projected one at a time at such a speed that the eye `` remembers '' the one that has gone before even as it registers the one now appearing .
Time is built into the motion picture , which cannot exist without time .
Now time is also the concern of the fictional narrative , which is , at its simplest , the story of an action with , usually , a beginning , a middle , and an end -- elements which demand time as the first condition for their existence .
the cinematic element of time is merely used to increase the realism of an object which would still be reasonably realistic in a still photo .
Almost everything about the movies that is peculiarly of the movies derives from a tension created and maintained between narrative time and film time .
It was Porter , however , who produced the very first movie whose name has lived on through the half century of film history that has since ensued .
A posse is formed and pursues the robbers , who , having made their escape , are whooping it up with some wild , wild women in a honky-tonk hide-out .
All this is simple enough , but in telling the story Porter did two important things that had not been done before .
Each scene is shot straight through , as had been the universal custom , from a camera fixed in a single position , but in the outdoor scenes , especially in the capture and destruction of the outlaws , Porter's camera position breaks , necessarily , with the camera position standard until then , which had been , roughly , that of a spectator in a center orchestra seat at a play .
This is what Porter did .
As the robbers leave the looted train , the film suddenly cuts back to the station , where the telegrapher's little daughter arrives with her father's dinner pail only to find him bound on the floor .
The cowboy films , the cops and robbers films , and the slapstick comedy films culminating in an insane chase are not only catering to what critics may assume to be a vulgar taste for violence ; ;
When he came to the movies -- more or less by accident -- they were still cheap entertainment capable of enthralling the unthinking for an idle few minutes .
The phonograph today , for all its high fidelity and stereophonic sound , is precisely what the early art purveyors in the movies wished to make of the camera .
The effort produced a valuable record of stage techniques in the early years of the century and some interesting records of great theater figures who would otherwise be only names .
that is , when it can preserve economic integration .
The central city areas , in other words , exhibit the two characteristics which violate the life principle of congregations of the major denominations : they have too few middle-class people ; ;
The congregation perishes when it is no longer possible to replenish that core from the neighborhood ; ;
If it were primarily a believing fellowship , it would recruit believers from all social and economic ranks , something which most congregations of the New Protestantism ( with a few notable exceptions ) have not been able to do .
They survive only when they can recruit social and economic peers .
The vulnerability of Protestantism to social differences stems from the peculiar role of the new religious style in middle-class life , where the congregation is a vehicle of social and economic group identity and must conform , therefore , to the principle of economic integration .
A crucial question , therefore , is what evangelism and mission actually mean in metropolitan Protestantism .
Missionary outreach by friendly contact looks somewhat different when one reflects on what is known about friendly contact in metropolitan neighborhoods ; ;
This means that the antennae of the congregation are extended into the community , picking up the wave lengths of those who will fit into the social and economic level of the congregation ; ;
the lay ministry is a means to recruit like-minded people who will strengthen the social class nucleus of the congregation .
Churches can be strengthened through this process of co-optation so long as the environs of the church provide a sufficient pool of people who can fit the pattern of economic integration ; ;
economic integration and co-optation are the two methods by which Protestants associate with and recruit from the neighborhood .
Economic integration ceases when the social and economic statuses in an area become too mixed or conflict with the status of the congregation .
The expense of this type of organization in religious life , when one recalls the number of city churches which deteriorated beyond repair before being abandoned , raises fundamental questions about the principle of Protestant survival in a mobile society ; ;
Soon they will fight their way into the lower middle-class suburbs , and the churches will experience the same decay and rebuilding cycle which has characterized their history for a century .
It could be argued that any fellowship which centers in residential neighborhoods is doomed to become an expression of the panic for stable identity among the middle classes .
Whatever projection one makes , the striking fact about congregational and parochial life is the extent to which it is a vehicle of the social identity of middle-class people .
What goes on in the cage will occupy our attention under the rubric of the organization church .
An understanding of the new role of residential association in an industrial society serves to illuminate the forces which have fashioned the iron cage of conformity which imprisons the churches in their suburban captivity .
The perplexing question still remains as to why the middle classes turn to the churches as a vehicle of social identity when their clubs and charities should fill the same need .
The directors sold directly to concessionaires , who had to make their profits above the high prices asked by the company .
These concessionaires traded where they wished and generally dealt with the Indians through engages , who might be habitants , voyageurs , or even soldiers .
The company disposed of the pelts , but with what profit , the records do not show .
Protests from governors and intendants passed unheeded , and the parsimonious policy of the company probably let loose Indian insurrections that brought ruin to the company .
In 1721 the King sent three commissioners to Louisiana with full powers to do all that was necessary to protect the colony .
They ordered the raising of troops and obtained 75,000 livres with which to build forts .
They adopted a program by which Louisiana was divided into five districts .
West of the Mobile district was the lower Mississippi district , of which New Orleans was headquarters .
On the upper Mississippi the Illinois post was to be established near Kaskaskia , and dependent posts were to be built on the Missouri , `` where there are mines in abundance '' .
These deerskins were the raw material for the manufacture of leather , and were the only articles which the tribes of this district had to exchange for European goods .
The director of the post at Mobile kept an adequate amount of French goods , of a kind to which they were accustomed , to supply the Indian needs .
The Alabama and Tombigbee rivers furnished a highway by which goods could be moved quickly and cheaply .
They threatened constantly to give the British a hold on this region , from whence they could move easily down the rivers to the French settlements near the Gulf .
The insistence of Bienville upon giving liberal prices to the Indians , in order to drive back the Carolina traders , was probably a factor that led to his recall in 1724 .
The company was impressed with some ideas of the danger from Carolina , and when Perier came over as governor in 1727 , he was given special instructions regarding the trade of the Mobile district .
They were to conciliate the unfriendly savages , and , wherever possible , to incite the natives to pillage the traders from Carolina .
He asked the government for two hundred soldiers , who were to be specifically assigned to arrest English traders and disloyal Indians .
The Indians were not impressed and held to the Carolina traders , who swarmed over the country , almost to the Mississippi .
With the loss of the Mobile trade , which ended all profits from Louisiana , the Natchez Indians revolted .
If this trade should be resumed , the habitants who had come to be farmers or artisans , and soldiers discharged from the army , must be hardened to the severe life of coureurs de bois .
Perier and Salmon , the intendant , wished either to entrust the trade to an association of merchants or to have the crown furnish goods on credit to individuals who would repay their debts with pelts .
Bienville , who returned to succeed Perier in 1732 , objected that the merchants would not accept the responsibility of managing a trade in which they could see no hope of profits .
The King should expect no profit , and an advance of only 20 per cent above the cost in France , which would cover the expense of transportation and handling , was all he charged the traders .
The reason for this bears explaining for those who may wonder why State spends so much of its diplomatic energy on Congress when the Russians are so available .
A kaleidoscope of pressure groups make it unpleasant for the congressman who becomes ugly toward the Department of Health , Education , and Welfare .
The congressman's patriotism is always involved when he turns upon the Defense Department .
Tampering with the Post Office may infuriate every voter who can write .
No such political restraint subdues his blood when he gazes upon the State Department in anger .
And are not the State Department men who dispense this largesse merely crackpots and do-gooders who have never met a payroll ? ?
The result is that the State Department's perpetual position before Congress is the resigned pose of the whipping boy who expects to be kicked whenever the master has had a dyspeptic outing with his wife .
But come the next session of Congress , State can expect only that its summer guest will bite its hand when it goes to the Capitol asking money for diplomatic entertaining expenses abroad or for living expenses for its diplomats .
The congressman who , in Paris , may have stuffed his wallet with enough franc notes to paper the roof of Notre-Dame will systematically scream that a $200 increase in entertainment allowance for a second secretary is tantamount to debauchery of the Treasury .
In the matter of money State's most unrelenting watchdog during the Eisenhower years was Representative John J. Rooney , of Brooklyn , who controlled the purse for diplomatic administrative expenses .
`` The trouble , '' explained Loy Henderson , then Deputy Undersecretary for Administration , `` is that when we get into an argument with him about this thing , it always turns out that Rooney knows more about our budget than we do '' .
Next day , reports went through the Department that Rooney had been outraged by what he considered a patent attempt to put public pressure on him for increased entertainment allowances and had sworn an oath that , that year , expense allowances would not rise a dollar .
John Foster Dulles escaped by keeping his personal show on the road and because Lyndon Johnson , who was then operating the Senate , refused to let it become an Inquisition .
During Dulles's first two years in office , while Republicans ran the Senate , the Department was at the mercy of men who had thirsted for its blood since 1945 .
So was the attack upon Charles E. Bohlen when Eisenhower appointed him Ambassador to Moscow .
Where Acheson had fought a gallant losing battle for the Department , Dulles fed the crocodile with his subordinates .
During this dark chapter in State Department history , men who had offered foreign-policy ideas later proven wrong by events filled the tumbrels sent up to Capitol Hill .
For three or four years in the mid-1950's , this complaint was heard rumbling up from the Senate floor whenever there was a dull legislative afternoon .
An equally tenable thesis is that the dearth of new thought was created by the Senate's own penchant for crucifying anyone whose ideas seem unorthodox to the next generation .
They range from the Soviet Embassy on Sixteenth Street , a gray shuttered pile suggesting a funeral-accessories display house , to what Congressman Rooney has called `` that monstrosity on Thirty-fourth Street '' , the modern cement-and-glass chancery of the Belgians .
Into its chanceries each day pour reports from ministries around the earth and an endless stream of home-office instructions on how to handle Uncle Sam in an infinite variety of contingencies .
Out of it each week go hundreds of thousands of words purporting to inform home ministries about what is really happening inside Washington .
When Ambassador Mikhail Menshikov took it over in 1957 from Georgi Zaroubin , he made a determined effort to change this idea .
Where his predecessors had glowered , Menshikov smiled .
Where they had affected the bleak social style of embalmers' assistants , Menshikov went abroad gorgeous in white tie and tails .
A newspaperman who met him at a reception swore that he asked Menshikov : `` What should we call you '' ? ?
When King Saud visited Washington , the overwhelming question consuming the press was the size of his family .
A reporter who consulted a Middle East Information officer for routine vital statistics got nowhere until the State Department man produced from his bottom desk drawer a brochure published by the Arabian-American Oil Company .
`` This is where I get my information from '' , he confided .
The size of Saud's family was still being debated when the King appeared for his first meeting with Eisenhower .
When it ended , a dusky sheik in desert robes flowed into Hagerty's office to report on the interview .
How many children did the King have ? ?
And how many of these were sons ? ?
`` Do you mean to tell us '' , a reporter asked , `` that the King has twenty-one children , twenty-five of whom are sons '' ? ?
When Dag Hammarskjold was negotiating the Middle East peace after Israel's 1956 invasion of Egypt , he soon found himself speaking the mysterious phrases of Cairo , a language as anarchic as Casey Stengel's .
The reports of President Nasser's pledges which Hammarskjold was relaying from Cairo to Washington became increasingly incomprehensible to other diplomats , including the Israeli Foreign Minister , Mrs. Golda Meir .
I know now why our Japanese friends were surprised when they walked into our bathroom .
Of course , most toilets are Eastern style -- at floor level -- but even when they are raised to chair height , they are actually outside toilets -- inside .
The next day I visited International Christian College which has developed since the war under the leadership of people who were interned and who know Japan well .
With the loss of the Emperor diety in Japan , the people are left in confusion with no God or moral teachings that have strength .
The older parents continued to teach their children traditional principles , but the younger people , who have lost all faith and convictions , are now parents .
There seems to be no purpose in life that is sure -- no certain guiding principles to give stability .
I was told that it is quite likely that Japanese soldiers would not fight again -- for why should they ? ?
It will be painful , but interesting , to see what kind of a god these people will create or what strong convictions they will develop .
In the evening the former Oregon State science teachers met for dinner at the New Tokyo Restaurant where I had my first raw fish and found it good .
They suggested several new foods , and usually I found them good , except the sweets , which I think I could learn to like .
Here I was accompanied by Mrs. Okamoto ( Fumio's mother ) , her son , Mr. Washizu ( a prospective student with whom I have been corresponding for more than a year ) , and Mr. Nishima , one of the science teachers .
I arrived at 7:00 a.m. and by 9:00 a.m. I had finished breakfast and was on my way to see what they had planned .
We visited the Okamoto home -- where for the first time I saw the famous tea ceremony .
At 6:00 p.m. we went to the Kyoto Spring dances at the place where these beautiful dances originated .
After a supper of unagi ( rice with eel -- eel which is raised in an ice-cold pond at the foot of Mt. Fuji ) , I returned to my beautiful room to sleep as hard as possible to be ready for another busy day .
We started at 9 a.m. to visit the Kyoto University where Mr. Washizu is attending .
They apologized for the condition , including dirt and flies , and I was a little at a loss to know what to say .
We had tea at Mr. Washizu's home where I learned that he , too , comes from a very wealthy family .
In Nara I stayed at the hotel where the Prince and Princess had stayed on their honeymoon .
Here Mr. Yoneda met us after a three-hour train trip from the town where he teaches .
One spot in Osaka I shall always remember -- the bridge where we stood to watch the reflections of the elaborate neon signs in the still waters of the river .
I had planned to go to the hotel by taxi and sleep a little , after which Mr. Uno would arrive and pilot me around .
I know now why the students insisted that I go to Hiroshima even when I told them I didn't want to .
They knew that I was still grieving over the tragic event , and they felt that if I could see the recovery and the spirit of the people , who hold no grudge , but who also regret Pearl Harbor , I would be happier and would understand better a new Japan .
On arriving in Tokyo later we were met by Masu who took us immediately to her university , the Japanese Women's University .
Our Masu is one of the very few architects in Japan who is trying to plan homes around family functions and women's needs .
I am told the time will soon come when women will find it necessary to do most of their own work , and even now it is important to have conveniences for the use of servants .
At this Women's University we find a monument to a courageous family who believed that Japanese women also should be educated .
Active alumnae have built a fine building on the campus where members can come and stay for a few days or longer and where they can have their social gatherings and professional meetings .
As far as I am concerned there is continuous piling up of evidence that the creative fresh ideas which are needed in the world are going to be found by educated women unafraid to break traditions .
They learn how to take care of children and sick members of the family .
Masu also uses the training she got in an American home where she learned to polish furniture , clean corners , and work effectively in keeping a shiny house .
After a fine luncheon in the cafeteria , the kitchen of which Masu had planned , Mr. Washizu and I left to meet representatives of the USIS for a visit to the University of Tokyo .
Here again it was vacation time and there were many things I could not see , but I was able to visit with a professor who is famous in Japanese circles and be guided through the grounds by his assistant .
It would be directed against the actual location of the unjust policy which , for love's sake and for the sake of justice , must be removed , and , indivisible from this , to the economic injury of the people directly and objectively a part of this policy .
Action located where the evil is concentrated will prove most decisive and is most clearly legitimate .
Moreover , prudence alone would indicate that , unless the local customs are already ready to fall when pushed , the results of direct economic action everywhere upon national chain stores will likely be simply to give undue advantage to local and state stores which conform to these customs , leading to greater decentralization and local autonomy within the company , or even ( as the final self-defeat of an unjust application of economic pressure to correct injustice ) to its going out of business in certain sections of the country ( as , for that matter , the Quakers , who once had many meetings in the pre-Civil War South , largely went out of business in that part of the country over the slavery issue , never to recover a large number of southern adherents ) .
In any case , anyone who fails to make significant distinction between primary and secondary applications of economic pressure would in principle already have justified that use of economic boycott as a means which broke out a few years ago or was skillfully organized by White Citizens' Councils in the entire state of Mississippi against every local Philco dealer in that state , in protest against a Philco-sponsored program over a national TV network on which was presented a drama showing , it seemed , a `` high yellow gal '' smooching with a white man .
But since this is a world in which people disagree about ends and goals and concerning justice and injustice , and since , in a situation where direct action and economic pressure are called for , the justice of the matter has either not been clearly defined by law or the law is not effectively present , there has to be a morality of means applied in every case in which people take it upon themselves to use economic pressures or other forms of force .
The end or aim of the action , of course , is also important , especially where it is not alone a matter of changing community customs but of the use of deadly economic power to intimidate a person from stepping forward to claim his legal rights , e.g. , against Negroes who register to vote in Fayette County , Tennessee , at the present moment .
It is also sufficient to show the Christian and any other champion of justice that he needs to make sure not only that his cause is just but also that his conduct is just , i.e. , that , if economic pressure has to be resorted to , this be applied directly against those persons directly in the way of some salutary change in business or institutional practices , while , if injury fall upon others , it fall upon them indirectly and secondarily ( however inevitably ) and not by deliberate intent and direct action against them .
However , it is also a Christian insight to know that unless charity interpenetrates justice it is not likely to be freedom that marches forward .
And when charity interpenetrates man's struggle for justice and freedom it does not simply surround this with a sentimental good will .
He suddenly and unexpectedly loses the moral support which the usual violent resistance of most victims would render him '' ; ;
In another respect it is dissimilar , for non-violent resistance demoralizes the opponent only to re-establish in him a new morale that is firmer because it is based on sounder values '' .
This makes necessary a morality of means , and principles governing the conduct of resistance whenever this is thought to be justified .
A technique by which it is proposed to enter with compulsion into the very heart of a man and determine his values may often in fact seem the more unlimited aggression .
and when this is done it will be found that the principles governing Christian resistance cut across the distinction between violent and non-violent means , and apply to both alike , justifying either on occasion and always limiting either action .
The justification in Christian conscience of the use of any mode of resistance also lays down its limitation -- in the distinction between the persons against whom pressure is primarily directed , those upon whom it may be permitted also to fall , and those who may never be directly repressed for the sake even of achieving some great good .
We may now take up for consideration a hard case which seems to require either no action employing economic pressure or else action that would seem to violate the principles set forth above .
There may be instances in which , if economic pressure is to be undertaken at all , this would have to be applied without discrimination against a whole people .
`` Billions of American dollars , not only from capital investors but also from the pockets of U.S. taxpayers '' , this author states , `` are being poured into South Africa to support a system dedicated to the oppression , the persecution , and the almost diabolical exploitation of 12 million people the color of whose skins happens not to be white '' .
Our leadership in a wide economic boycott of South Africa would be not only in accord , it seems , with the moral conscience of America , not to be denied because we also as a people have widespread injustice in the relations of the races in our own country , but also in accord with our law , U.S. Code Title 19 , Section 1307 , which forbids the importation of goods made by forced or convict labor .
Not only should this provision be enforced but other economic and political actions might be taken which , this author believes , `` must surely be supported by every American who values the freedom that has been won for him and whose conscience is not so dominated by the lines in his account books that he can willingly and knowingly contribute to the enslavement of another nation '' .
And both in their objectives of non-discrimination and of social progress they have had ranged against them the Southerners who are called Bourbons .
The name presumably derives from the French royal house which never learned and never forgot ; ;
The race problem has tended to obscure other , less emotional , issues which may fundamentally be even more divisive .
It is these other differences between North and South -- other , that is , than those which concern discrimination or social welfare -- which I chiefly discuss herein .
This is puzzling to an outsider conscious of the classic tradition of liberalism , because it is clear that these Democrats who are left-of-center are at opposite poles from the liberal Jefferson , who held that the best government was the least government .
When I question them as to what they mean by concepts like liberty and democracy , I find that they fall into two categories : the simpler ones who have simply accepted the shibboleths of their faith without analysis ; ;
and the intelligent , cynical ones who scornfully reply that these things don't count any more in the world of to-day .
-- liberal considers that the need for a national economy with controls that will assure his conception of social justice is so great that individual and local liberties as well as democratic processes may have to yield before it .
This seems like an attitude favoring a sort of totalitarian bureaucracy which , under a President of the same stamp , would try to coerce an uncooperative Congress or Supreme Court .
As for states' rights , they have never counted in the thinking of my liberal friends except as irritations of a minor and immoral nature which exist now only as anachronisms .
Why , in the first place , call himself a liberal if he is against laissez-faire and favors an authoritarian central government with womb-to-tomb controls over everybody ? ?
If he attaches little importance to personal liberty , why not make this known to the world ? ?
And if he is so scornful of the rights of states , why not advocate a different sort of constitution that he could more sincerely support ? ?
It appears to be one of intense dislike , which he makes little effort to conceal even in the presence of Southern friends .
Time's editor , Thomas Griffith , in his book , The Waist-High Culture , wrote : `` most of what was different about it ( the Deep South ) I found myself unsympathetic to .
Theirs is no mere lack of sympathy , but something closer to the passionate hatred that was directed against Fascism .
In fact it has caused us to give serious thought to moving our residence south , because it is not easy for the most objective Southerner to sit calmly by when his host is telling a roomful of people that the only way to deal with Southerners who oppose integration is to send in troops and shoot the bastards down .
Accounts have been published of Northern liberals in the South up against segregationist prejudice , especially in state-supported universities where pressure may be strong to uphold the majority view .
but there is a leavening of liberalism among college graduates throughout the South , especially among those who studied in the North .
but for this discussion the most important division is between those who have been reconstructed and those who haven't .
My definition of this much abused adjective is that a reconstructed rebel is one who is glad that the North won the War .
Nobody knows how many Southerners there are in this category .
Poor where they had once been rich , humbled where they had been arrogant , having no longer any hope of sharing in the leadership of the nation , the rebels who would not surrender in spirit drew comfort from the sympathy they felt extended to them by the mother country .
And no doubt many people in states like the Carolinas and Georgia , which were among the most Tory in sentiment in the eighteenth century , bitterly regretted the revolt against the Crown .
But apart from racial problems , the old unreconstructed South -- to use the moderate words favored by Mr. Thomas Griffith -- finds itself unsympathetic to most of what is different about the civilization of the North .
It is hard to see how the situation could be otherwise .
This is the only case in modern history of a people of Britannic origin submitting without continued struggle to what they view as foreign domination .
Whatever their faults , they are not hypocrites .
But those among the Bourbons who remain unreconstructed go much further than this .
It became the sole `` subject '' of `` international law '' ( a term which , it is pertinent to remember , was coined by Bentham ) , a body of legal principle which by and large was made up of what Western nations could do in the world arena .
This was particularly true in the world arena , which was an anarchical battleground characterized by strife and avaricious competition for colonial empires .
Thus , to cite but one example , the Pax Britannica of the nineteenth century , whether with the British navy ruling the seas or with the City of London ruling world finance , was strictly national in motivation , however much other nations ( e.g. , the United States ) may have incidentally benefited .
However , in recent decades , for what doubtless are multiple reasons , an unannounced but nonetheless readily observable shift has occurred in both facets of national activity .
In what has aptly been called a `` constitutional revolution '' , the basic nature of government was transformed from one essentially negative in nature ( the `` night-watchman state '' ) to one with affirmative duties to perform .
For lawyers , reflecting perhaps their parochial preferences , there has been a special fascination since then in the role played by the Supreme Court in that transformation -- the manner in which its decisions altered in `` the switch in time that saved nine '' , President Roosevelt's ill-starred but in effect victorious `` Court-packing plan '' , the imprimatur of judicial approval that was finally placed upon social legislation .
Of greater importance , however , is the content of those programs , which have had and are having enormous consequences for the American people .
Ratified in the Republican Party victory in 1952 , the Positive State is now evidenced by political campaigns being waged not on whether but on how much social legislation there should be .
The other , of course , was the Civil War , the conflict which a century ago insured national unity over fragmentation .
less than a score of years later Congress enacted the Employment Act of 1946 , by which the national government assumed the responsibility of taking action to insure conditions of maximum employment .
In 1961 the first important legislative victory of the Kennedy Administration came when the principle of national responsibility for local economic distress won out over a `` state's-responsibility '' proposal -- provision was made for payment for unemployment relief by nation-wide taxation rather than by a levy only on those states afflicted with manpower surplus .
Recognizing that the Rule of Law is `` a dynamic concept which should be employed not only to safeguard the civil and political rights of the individual in a free society '' , the Congress asserted that it also included the responsibility `` to establish social , economic , educational and cultural conditions under which his legitimate aspirations and dignity may be realized '' .
For better or for worse , we all now live in welfare states , the organizing principle of which is collective responsibility for individual well-being .
) The concept of nationalism is the political principle that epitomizes and glorifies the territorial state as the characteristic type of socal structure .
For it includes the emotional ties that bind men to their homeland and the complex motivations that hold a large group of people together as a unit .
Historically , however , the concept is one that has been of marked benefit to the people of the Western civilizational group .
Within their confines , moreover , technological and industrial growth has proceeded at an accelerated pace , thus increasing the cornucopia from which material wants can be satisfied .
But it is more than irony : one of the main reasons why nationalism is no longer a tenable concept is because it has spread throughout the planet .
In other words , nationalism worked well enough when it had limited application , both as to geography and as to population ; ;
it becomes a perilous anachronism when adopted on a world-wide basis .
Jean Bodin , writing in the sixteenth century , may have been the seminal thinker , but it was the vastly influential John Austin who set out the main lines of the concept as now understood .
To him , law is the command of the sovereign ( the English monarch ) who personifies the power of the nation , while sovereignty is the power to make law -- i.e. , to prevail over internal groups and to be free from the commands of other sovereigns in other nations .
That is particularly true of sovereignty when it is applied to democratic societies , in which `` popular '' sovereignty is said to exist , and in federal nations , in which the jobs of government are split .
What steps have been taken to guard against the one sort of mishap that could trigger the destruction of continents ? ?
I have just asked these questions in the Pentagon , in the White House , in offices of key scientists across the country and aboard the submarines that prowl for months underwater , with neat rows of green launch tubes which contain Polaris missiles and which are affectionately known as `` Sherwood Forest '' .
I asked the same questions inside the launch-control rooms of an Atlas missile base in Wyoming , where officers who wear sidearms are manning the `` commit buttons '' that could start a war -- accidentally or by design -- and in the command centers where other pistol-packing men could give orders to push such buttons .
To the men in the instrument-jammed bomber cockpits , submarine compartments and the antiseptic , windowless rooms that would be the foxholes of tomorrow's impersonal intercontinental wars , the questions seem farfetched .
They are preoccupied riding herd on control panels , switches , flashing colored lights on pale green or gray consoles that look like business machines .
Accidental war is so sensitive a subject that most of the people who could become directly involved in one are told just enough so they can perform their portions of incredibly complex tasks .
Among the policy makers , generals , physicists , psychologists and others charged with controlling the actions of the button pushers and their `` hardware '' , the answers to my questions varied partly according to a man's flair for what the professionals in this field call `` scenarios '' .
The experts are thus forced to hypothesize sequences of events that have never occurred , probably never will -- but possibly might .
Meanwhile , the experts speak of wars triggered by `` false pre-emption '' , `` escalation '' , `` unauthorized behavior '' and other terms that will be discussed in this report .
But what if somebody decides to break it ? ?
What if one or more of them turn irrational or suddenly , coolly , decide to clobber the Russians ? ?
What if the President himself , in the language of the military , `` goes ape '' ? ?
Officers who participate in the continual practice drills assured me that the President's decision could be made and announced on the gold circuit within minutes after the first flash from Aj .
If communications work , his decision would be instantly known in all command posts that would originate the actual go order .
They include the Navy's Atlantic Command at Norfolk , Virginia , which is in contact with the Polaris subs ; ;
Air Force forward headquarters in Europe and in the Pacific , which control tactical fighters on ships and land bases ; ;
and SAC , which controls long-range bombers and Atlas missiles .
Let us look in on one of these nerve centers -- SAC at Omaha -- and see what must still happen before a wing of B-52 bombers could drop their Aj .
Wisman , who has had the chief controller's job for four years , calls the signals for a team operating three rows of dull-gray consoles studded with lights , switches and buttons .
In emergencies the SAC commander , Gen. Thomas Power , or his deputies and their staff would occupy a balcony that stretches across the length of the room above Wisman and his staff .
What these fragments are and how they activate the go order may not be revealed .
In addition to the authentication and acknowledgment procedures which precede and follow the sending of the go messages , again in special codes , each message also contains an `` internal authenticator '' , another specific signal to convince the recipient that he is getting the real thing .
I asked Wisman what would happen if he broke out the go codes and tried to start transmitting one .
Now let us imagine a wing of B-52's , on alert near their `` positive control ( or fail-safe ) points '' , the spots on the map , many miles from Soviet territory , beyond which they are forbidden to fly without specific orders to proceed to their targets .
Why does Wisman's ever-changing code always mesh with the fragments in possession of the button pushers ? ?
Each must match Wisman's `` pie '' with the fragment that he carries with him .
It was nothing more than a tiny distant rain squall , a dull gray sheet which reached from a layer of clouds to the earth .
It is the gait of the human who must run to live : arms dangling , legs barely swinging over the ground , head hung down and only occasionally swinging up to see the target , a loose motion that is just short of stumbling and yet is wonderfully graceful .
Which does not mean that it is ugly .
There are thousands of square miles of salt pan which are hideous .
They are huge areas which have been swept by winds for so many centuries that there is no soil left , but only deep bare ridges fifty or sixty yards apart with ravines between them thirty or forty feet deep and the only thing that moves is a scuttling layer of sand .
But much of the land which the aborigine wanders looks as if it should be hospitable .
He tells of three men who started out on a trip across a single paddock , a ten-by-ten-mile square owned by a sheep grazer .
Even today range riders will come upon mummified bodies of men who attempted nothing more difficult than a twenty-mile hike and slowly lost direction , were tortured by the heat , driven mad by the constant and unfulfilled promise of the landscape , and who finally died .
Any organism that falters or misperceives the signals or weakens is done .
Perhaps this is what gives the aborigine his odd air of dignity .
Others are confined to vast reservations , and not only does the Australian government justifiably not wish them to be viewed as exhibits in a zoo , but on their reservations they are extremely fugitive , shunning camps , coming together only for corroborees at which their strange culture comes to its highest pitch -- which is very low indeed .
I persuaded an Australian friend who had lived `` outback '' for years to take me to see some aborigines living in the bush .
We followed the asphalt road for a few miles and then swung off onto a smaller road which was nothing more than two tire marks on the earth .
The rancher went a mile down this road and then , when he reached a big red boulder , swung off the road .
It took me a moment to realize what was odd about that panel : there was a gimbaled compass welded to it , which rocked gently back and forth as the Land Rover bounced about .
Some chaps that know an area well can make their way by landmarks , a tree here , a wash here , a boulder there .
There was something about his face that disturbed me and it took several seconds to realize what .
It was not merely that flies were crawling over his face but his narrowed eyelids did not blink when the flies crawled into his eye sockets .
Her long thin arms moved in a slow rhythmical gesture over the family possessions which were placed in front of her .
There were two rubbing sticks for making fire , two stones shaped roughly like knives , a woven-root container which held a few pounds of dried worms and the dead body of some rodent .
There was also a long wooden spear and a woomera , a spear-throwing device which gives the spear an enormous velocity and high accuracy .
The odor here was more powerful than that which surrounded the town aborigines .
Their skin was covered with a thin coating of sweat and dirt which had almost the consistency of a second skin .
At the corroborees , when they get to dancing and sweating , you'll see them rubbing up against a man who's supposed to have a specially good smell .
It was a fortunate time in which to build , for the seventeenth century was a great period in Persian art .
Travelers entering from the desert were confounded by what must have seemed an illusion : a great garden filled with nightingales and roses , cut by canals and terraced promenades , studded with water tanks of turquoise tile in which were reflected the glistening blue curves of a hundred domes .
At the heart of all of this was the square , which one such traveler declared to be `` as spacious , as pleasant and aromatick a Market as any in the Universe '' .
Isfahan became more of a legend than a place , and now it is for many people simply a name to which they attach their notions of old Persia and sometimes of the East .
They think of it as a kind of spooky museum in which they may half see and half imagine the old splendor .
Those who actually get there find that it isn't spooky at all but as brilliant as a tile in sunlight .
But even for them it remains a museum , or perhaps it would be more accurate to say a tomb , a tomb in which Persia lies well preserved but indeed dead .
The one apparent connection between the two is a score of buildings which somehow or other have survived and which naturally enough are called `` historical monuments '' .
However , just as all the buildings have not fallen and flowed back to their original mud , so the values which wanted them and saw that they were built have not all disappeared .
The values and talents which made the tile and the dome , the rug , the poem and the miniature , continue in certain social institutions which rise above the ordinary life of this city , as the great buildings rise above blank walls and dirty lanes .
they are the places where Persians live .
The promenade , for example , continues to take place on the Chahar Bagh , a mile-long garden of plane and poplar trees that now serves as the city's principal street .
On Fridays , the day when many Persians relax with poetry , talk , and a samovar , people do not , it is true , stream into Chehel Sotun -- a pavilion and garden built by Shah Abbas 2 , in the seventeenth century -- but they do retire into hundreds of pavilions throughout the city and up the river valley , which are smaller , more humble copies of the former .
Those three other great activities of the Persians , the bath , the teahouse , and the zur khaneh ( the latter a kind of club in which a leader and a group of men in an octagonal pit move through a rite of calisthenics , dance , chanted poetry , and music ) , do not take place in buildings to which entrance tickets are sold , but some of them occupy splendid examples of Persian domestic architecture : long , domed , chalk-white rooms with daises of turquoise tile , their end walls cut through to the orchards and the sky by open arches .
But more important , and the thing which the casual traveler and the blind sojourner often do not see , is that these places and activities are often the settings in which Persians exercise their extraordinary aesthetic sensibilities .
I don't mean a few aesthetes who play about with sensations , like a young prince in a miniature dabbling his hand in a pool .
The men crying love poems in an orchard on any summer's night are as often as not the lutihaw , mustachioed toughs who spend most of their lives in and out of the local prisons , brothels , and teahouses .
A few months ago it was a fairly typical landlord who in the dead of night lugged me up a mountainside to drink from a spring famous in the neighborhood for its clarity and flavor .
I really didn't know what he meant .
The line of an eyebrow , the color of the skin , a ghazal from Hafiz , the purity of spring water , the long afternoon among the boughs which crowd the upper story of a pavilion -- these things are noticed , judged , and valued .
It was to provide a safe and spacious crossing for these caravans , and also to make a pleasance for the city , that Shah Abbas 2 , in about 1657 built , of sun-baked brick , tile , and stone , the present bridge .
from downstream , where the water level is much lower , it is a high , elaborately facaded pavilion .
At either end and in the center there are bays which contain nine greater alcoves as frescoed and capacious as church apses .
Here , in the old days -- when they had come to see the moon or displays of fireworks -- sat the king and his court while priests , soldiers , and other members of the party lounged in the smaller alcoves between .
dervishes who stand with the stillness of the blind , their eyes filmed with rheum and visions ; ;
Here in an evening Persians enjoy many of the things which are important to them : poetry , water , the moon , a beautiful face .
Poetry in Persian life is far more than a common ground on which -- in a society deeply fissured by antagonisms -- all may stand .
In Persia , where practically speaking there are no museums or libraries or , for that matter , hardly any books , the twins run free .
That , at any rate , is what happens at the Khaju bridge .
Here in these little rooms -- or stages arched open to the sky and river -- they choose a few lines out of the hundreds they may know and sing them according to one of the modes into which Persian music is divided .
Or the mode of love to this fragment by a recent poet : `` Know ye , fair folk who dwell on earth Or shall hereafter come to birth , That here , with dust upon his eyes , Iraj , the sweet-tongued singer , lies .
The music director of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra , William Steinberg , has molded his group into a prominent musical organization , which is his life .
When he added to his Pittsburgh commitments the directorship of the London Philharmonic Orchestra in 1958 , he conducted one hundred fifty concerts within nine months , `` commuting '' between the two cities .
Unfortunately , it was Muzak , which automatically is piped into the public rooms , and which nolens volens had to be endured .
In his native Cologne , where his mother taught him to play the piano , he was able to read notes before he learned the alphabet .
She even devised a system of colors , whereby the boy could easily distinguish the different note values .
When he started school at the age of five-and-a-half , he could not understand why the alphabet begins with the letter A , instead of C , as in the scale .
When he was eight he began violin lessons .
Soon he was playing in the Cologne Municipal Orchestra , and during World War 1 , , when musicians were scarce , he joined the opera orchestra as well .
`` By observing the conductor '' , he says with a twinkle in his eyes , `` I learned how not to conduct '' .
The musician ran away from school when he was fifteen , but this escapade did not save him from the Gymnasium .
His professional career began when he was twenty ; ;
However , when he assumed the duties of a conductor , he relinquished his career as a pianist .
Five years were spent with the Cologne Opera , after which he was called to Prague by Alexander von Zemlinsky , teacher of Arnold Schonberg and Erich Korngold .
Two years later he became director of the Frankfurt Opera , where he remained until he lost this position in 1933 through the rise of the Hitler regime .
In Frankfurt , too , he directed the Museum and Opera House concerts which , in addition to the standard repertoire , featured novelties like Erdmann's Piano Concerto and Mahler's Sixth Symphony .
As more and more Jewish musicians lost their jobs with professional organizations Steinberg united them into the Frankfurt Kulturbund Orchestra , which also gave guest performances in other German cities .
Since 1944 he has also conducted regularly at the San Francisco Opera , where he made his debut with a memorable performance of Verdi's Falstaff .
He returned to Germany for the first time in 1953 , where he has since conducted in Cologne , Frankfurt , and Berlin .
Where in Europe was he going now ? ?
Since it is not far from Viareggio , he will visit Puccini's house , as he never fails to do , to pay his respects to the memory of the composer of La Boheme , which he considers one of Puccini's masterpieces .
He added that he also stresses the works of these favorite masters on tour , especially Mahler's First and Fourth symphonies , and Das Lied Von der Erde , and Bruckner's Sixth -- which is rarely played -- and Seventh .
`` Now that Bruno Walter is virtually in retirement and my dear friend Dimitri Mitropoulos is no longer with us , I am probably the only one -- with the possible exception of Leonard Bernstein -- who has this special affinity for and champions the works of Bruckner and Mahler '' .
Since he introduces so much modern music , I could not resist asking how he felt about it .
`` There was always and at all times a contemporary music and it expresses the era in which it was created .
I consider it to be my job to expose the public to what is being written today '' .
And how did he feel about modern art ? ?
What did he do for relaxation ? ?
Since attack serves to stimulate interest in broadcasts , I added to my opening statement a sentence in which I claimed that German youth seemed to lack the enthusiasm which is a necessary ingredient of anger , and might be classified as uninterested and bored rather than angry .
I was far from convinced of the truth of my statement , but could not think of anything that might evoke responses more quickly .
`` But you want a job guaranteed when you return '' , I continued my attack .
When I mentioned that for my first long voyage I did not even have the money for the return fare , but had trusted to luck that I would earn a sufficient amount , the young people looked at me doubtingly .
One girl expressed what was obviously in their minds .
The debate needed no additional controversy and soon I could ask each individually what he expected from life , what his hopes were and what his fears .
What they wished for most was security ; ;
what they feared most was war or political instability in their own country .
It is well then that in this hour both of `` national peril '' and of `` national opportunity '' we can take counsel with the men who made the nation .
They thought of themselves , to use Jefferson's words , as `` the Argonauts '' who had lived in `` the Heroic Age '' .
Their writings assume more than dramatic or patriotic interest because of their conviction that the struggle in which they were involved was neither selfish nor parochial but , rather , as Washington in his last wartime circular reminded his fellow countrymen , that `` with our fate will the destiny of unborn millions be involved '' .
Even though in most cases the completion of the definitive editions of their writings is still years off , enough documentation has already been assembled to warrant drawing a new composite profile of the leadership which performed the heroic dual feats of winning American independence and founding a new nation .
Author of the Albany Plan Of Union , which , had it been adopted , might have avoided the Revolution , he fought the colonists' front-line battles in London , negotiated the treaty of alliance with France and the peace that ended the war , headed the state government of Pennsylvania , and exercised an important moderating influence at the Federal Convention .
His revolutionary pamphlets , published when he was only 19 , quickly brought him to the attention of the patriot leaders .
His collaboration with Washington , begun when he was the general's aide during the Revolution , was resumed when he entered the first Cabinet as Secretary of the Treasury .
He played the leading role in negotiating the treaty with Great Britain that ended the Revolution , and directed America's foreign affairs throughout the Confederation period .
Capable of enduring friendships , they were also stout controversialists , who could write with a drop of vitriol on their pens .
John Adams dismissed John Dickinson , who voted against the Declaration of Independence , as `` a certain great fortune and piddling genius '' .
And Hamilton , who felt it `` a religious duty '' to oppose Aaron Burr's political ambitions , would have been a better actuarial risk had he shown more literary restraint .
Madison once remarked : `` My life has been so much a public one '' , a comment which fits the careers of the other six .
When the Revolution broke out , he , along with Jefferson and Jay , abandoned his career at the bar , with considerable financial sacrifice .
`` If you can conveniently let me have twenty dollars '' , he wrote one friend in 1791 when he was Secretary of the Treasury .
`` I have just come from viewing a man who had made the fortune of his country , but now is working all night in order to support his family '' , he reflected .
Jay had participated in the decision that exiled his old friend Van Schaack .
Yet when , at war's end , the ex-Tory made the first move to resume correspondence , Jay wrote him from Paris , where he was negotiating the peace settlement :
`` As an independent American I considered all who were not for us , and you amongst the rest , as against us , yet be assured that John Jay never ceased to be the friend of Peter Van Schaack '' .
His first inaugural address speaks of `` my country whose voice I can never hear but with veneration and love '' .
In purchasing Louisiana , Jefferson had to adopt Hamilton's broad construction of the Constitution , and so did Madison in advocating the rechartering of Hamilton's bank , which he had so strenuously opposed at its inception , and in adopting a Hamiltonian protective tariff .
When , in 1832 , the South Carolina nullifiers adopted the principle of state interposition which Madison had advanced in his old Virginia Resolve , they elicited no encouragement from that senior statesman .
Nostalgic Yankee readers of Erskine Caldwell are today informed by proud Georgians that Tobacco Road is buried beneath a four-lane super highway , over which travel each day suburbanite businessmen more concerned with the Dow-Jones average than with the cotton crop .
Thus we are compelled to face the urbanization of the South -- an urbanization which , despite its dramatic and overwhelming effects upon the Southern culture , has been utterly ignored by the bulk of Southern writers .
of these and a host of other antiquated legends that deny the South its progressive leaps of the past century .
But the South is , and has been for the past century , engaged in a wide-sweeping urbanization which , oddly enough , is not reflected in its literature .
As the New South snowballs toward further urbanization , it becomes more and more homogeneous with the North -- a tendency which Willard Thorp terms `` Yankeefication '' , as evidenced in such cities as Charlotte , Birmingham , and Houston .
As for progress , the `` backward South '' can boast of Baton Rouge , which increased its population between 1940 and 1950 by two hundred and sixty-two percent , to 126,000 , the second largest growth of the period for all cities over 25,000 .
Where are the writers to treat these changes ? ?
Lacking the pioneer spirit necessary to write of a new economy , these writers seem to be contenting themselves with an old one that is now as defunct as Confederate money .
An example of the changes which have crept over the Southern region may be seen in the Southern Negro's quest for a position in the white-dominated society , a problem that has been reflected in regional fiction especially since 1865 .
Today the Negro must discover his role in an industrialized South , which indicates that the racial aspect of the Southern dilemma hasn't changed radically , but rather has gradually come to be reflected in this new context , this new coat of paint .
Other examples of gradual changes that have affected the Negro have been his moving up , row by row , in the buses ; ;
his requesting , and often getting , higher wages , better working conditions , better schools -- changes that were slowly emerging even before the Supreme Court decision of 1954 .
Then came this decision , which sped the process of gaining equality ( or perhaps hindered it ; ;
only historical evolution will determine which ) : an abrupt change .
He has frequently refused to move from white lunch counters , refused to obey local laws which he considers unjust , while in other cases he has appealed to federal laws .
It is clear that , while most writers enjoy picturing the Negro as a woolly-headed , humble old agrarian who mutters `` yassuhs '' and `` sho' nufs '' with blissful deference to his white employer ( or , in Old South terms , `` massuh '' ) , this stereotype is doomed to become in reality as obsolete as Caldwell's Lester .
Modern writers , who are supposed to keep their fingers firmly upon the pulse of their subjects , insist upon drawing out this legend , prolonging its burial , when it well deserves a rest after the overexploitation of the past century .
As John T. Westbrook says in his article , `` Twilight Of Southern Regionalism '' ( Southwest Review , Winter 1957 ) : `` The miasmal mausoleum where an Old South , already too minutely autopsied in prose and poetry , should be left to rest in peace , forever dead and ( let us fervently hope ) forever done with '' .
Westbrook further bemoans the Southern writers' creation of an unreal image of their homeland , which is too readily assimilated by both foreign readers and visiting Yankees : `` Our northerner is suspicious of all this crass evidence ( of urbanization ) presented to his senses .
In the meantime , while the South has been undergoing this phenomenal modernization that is so disappointing to the curious Yankee , Southern writers have certainly done little to reflect and promote their region's progress .
No Southern novelist has done for Atlanta or Birmingham what Herrick , Dreiser , and Farrell did for Chicago or Dos Passos did for New York .
Faulkner traces , in his vast and overpowering saga of Yoknapatawpha County , the gradual changes which seep into the South , building layer upon layer of minute , subtle innovation which eventually tend largely to hide the Old Way .
Yet he presents a realm of source material which may well serve other writers if not himself : the problems with which a New South must grapple in groping through a blind adolescence into the maturity of urbanization .
The thousands of city migrants who desert the farms yearly must readjust with even greater stress and tension : the sacred wilderness is gradually surrendering to suburbs and research parks and industrial areas .
For Mr. Taylor's Images And Reflections she made some diaphanous tents that alternately hide and reveal the performer , and a girl's cape lined with grass .
He went on to use objects -- hoops , poles , capes -- which he employed as extensions of the body of the dancer , who moved with them .
The dancer who never loosens her hold on a parasol , begins to feel that it is part of herself .
From this being come new movement ideas that utilize dancer and property as a single unit .
But , since they have rejected both narrative and emotional continuity , how are they to unify the impressive array of materials at their disposal ? ?
Others , less consciously but quite probably influenced by the trends of the times , experiment with approaches that parallel those of the contemporary poet , painter , and musician .
An approach that has appealed to some choreographers is reminiscent of Charles Olson's statement of the process of projective verse : `` one perception must immediately and directly lead to a further perception '' .
The creator trusts his intuition to lead him along a path that has internal validity because it mirrors the reality of his experience .
An earlier but still influential school of painting , surrealism , had suggested the way of dealing with the dream experience , that event in which seemingly incongruous objects are linked together through the curious associations of the subconscious .
Rather than putting their trust in ephemeral sensations they seek form in the stable relationships of pure design , which symbolize an order more real than the disorder of the perceptual world .
But in this approach it is the artist's ultimate insight , rather than his immediate impressions , that gives form to the work .
The musician employing the serial technique of composition establishes a mathematical system of rotations that , once set in motion , determines the sequence of pitches and even of rhythms and intensities .
Musicians who use the chance method also exclude subjective control of formal development .
The process stipulates that the choreographer sense the quality of the initial movement he has discovered and that he feel the rightness of the quality that is to follow it .
The design is determined emotionally : `` I must reach into myself for the spring that will send me catapulting recklessly into the chaos of event with which the dance confronts me '' .
At one time she felt impelled to make dances that `` moved all over the stage '' , much as Pollock's paintings move violently over the full extent of the canvas .
Midi Garth also believes in subjective continuity that begins with the feeling engendered by an initial movement .
It may be a free front-back swing of the leg , leading to a sideways swing of the arm that develops into a turn and the sensation of taking off from the ground .
If his dancers are sometimes made to look as if they might be creatures from Mars , this is consistent with his intention of placing them in the orbit of another world , a world in which they are freed of their pedestrian identities .
In his recognition of his impersonal self the dancer moves , and this self , in the `` first revealed stroke of its existence '' , states the theme from which all else must follow .
The theme may be the formation of a shape from which other shapes evolve .
It may establish the relation of the figure of the dancer to light and color , in which case changes in the light or color will set off a kaleidescope of visual designs .
An order can be chanced rather than chosen , and this approach produces an experience that is `` free and discovered rather than bound and remembered '' .
He cites with pleasure the comment of a lady , who exclaimed after a concert : `` Why , it's extremely interesting .
The answers derived by these means may determine not only the temporal organization of the dance but also its spatial design , special slips designating the location on the stage where the movement is to be performed .
The other variables include the dancer who is to perform the movement and the length of time he is to take in its performance .
The only factors that are personally set by the choreographer are the movements themselves , the number of the dancers , and the approximate total duration of the dance .
He must construct transitions so that a dancer who is told to lie prone one second and to leap wildly the next will have some physical preparation for the leap .
Nothing can show more than this the immensity of the danger to democratic peoples that lies in even relatively slight deviation from their true concept of sovereignty .
The present issue in Atlantica -- whether to transform an alliance of sovereign nations into a federal union of sovereign citizens -- resembles the American one of 1787-89 rather than the one that was resolved by Civil War .
I think it is essential , however , to pinpoint here the difference between the two concepts of sovereignty that went to war in 1861 -- if only to see better how imperative is our need today to clarify completely our far worse confusion on this subject .
The difference came down to this : The Southern States insisted that the United States was , in last analysis , what its name implied -- a Union of States .
To their leaders the Constitution was a compact made by the people of sovereign states , who therefore retained the right to secede from it .
In homely terms whose timeliness is startling today , he thus declared his own right to secede .
When the Know-nothings get control , it will read , All men are created equal except Negroes and foreigners and Catholics .
When it comes to this , I shall prefer emigrating to some country where they make no pretence of loving liberty -- to Russia , for instance , where despotism can be taken pure , without the base alloy of hypocrisy '' ( His emphasis )
When the Southern States exercised their `` right to secede '' , they formed what they officially styled `` The Confederate States of America '' .
But though each of its members had asserted this right against the Union , the final Constitution which the Confederacy signed on March 11 -- nearly a month before hostilities began -- included no explicit provision authorizing a state to secede .
The Constitution of the Southern `` Confederation '' differed from that of the Federal Union only in two important respects : It openly , defiantly , recognized slavery -- an institution which the Southerners of 1787 , even though they continued it , found so impossible to reconcile with freedom that they carefully avoided mentioning the word in the Federal Constitution .
But though the Southern States , when drafting a constitution to unite themselves , narrowed the difference to this fine point by omitting to assert the right to secede , the fact remained that by seceding from the Union they had already acted on the concept that it was composed primarily of sovereign states .
If the Union conceded this to them , the same right must be conceded to each remaining state whenever it saw fit to secede : This would destroy the federal balance between it and the states , and in the end sacrifice to the sovereignty of the states all the liberty the citizens had gained by their Union .
Lincoln saw that the act of secession made the issue for the Union a vital one : Whether it was a Union of sovereign citizens that should continue to live , or an association of sovereign states that must fall prey either to `` anarchy or despotism '' .
After the war began , he long refused to permit emancipation of the slaves by Union action even in the Border States that stayed with the Union .
He issued his Emancipation Proclamation only when he felt that necessity left him no other way to save the Union .
In his Message of December 2 , 1862 , he put his purpose and his policy in these words -- which I would call the Lincoln Law of Liberty-and-Union : `` In giving freedom to the slave , we assure freedom to the free '' .
What Lincoln could not concede was that the states rather than the people were sovereign in the Union .
The fact that the Americans who upheld the sovereignty of their states did this in order to keep many of their people more securely in slavery -- the antithesis of individual liberty -- made the conflict grimmer , and the greater .
On their decisive battlefield Lincoln did not distinguish between them when he paid tribute to the `` brave men , living and dead , who fought here '' .
To my knowledge , Lincoln remains the only Head of State and Commander-in-Chief who , while fighting a fearful war whose issue was in doubt , proved man enough to say this publicly -- to give his foe the benefit of the fact that in all human truth there is some error , and in all our error , some truth .
So great a man could not but understand , too , that the thing that moves men to sacrifice their lives is not the error of their thought , which their opponents see and attack , but the truth which the latter do not see -- any more than they see the error which mars the truth they themselves defend .
They differed in the balance they believed essential to the sovereignty of the citizen -- but the supreme sacrifice each made served to maintain a still more fundamental truth : That individual life , liberty and happiness depend on a right balance between the two -- and on the limitation of sovereignty , in all its aspects , which this involves .
The 140,414 Americans who gave `` the last full measure of devotion '' to prevent disunion , preserved individual freedom in the United States from the dangers of anarchy , inherent in confederations , which throughout history have proved fatal in the end to all associations composed primarily of sovereign states , and to the liberties of their people .
Its appeal from ballots to bullets at Fort Sumter ended by costing the Southerners their right to have slaves -- a right that was even less compatible with the sovereignty of man .
The lives so many of them gave , to forestall what they believed would be a fatal encroachment by the Union on the powers reserved to their states have continued ever since to safeguard all Americans against freedom's other foe .
The useful suggestion of Professor David Hawkins which considers culture as a third stage in biological evolution fits quite beautifully then with our suggestion that science has provided us with a rather successful technique for building protective artificial environments .
Will advances in human sciences help us build social structures and governments which will enable us to cope with people as effectively as the primitive combination of protein and nucleic acid built a structure of molecules which enabled it to adapt to a sea of molecular interaction ? ?
For the family is the simplest example of just such a unit , composed of people , which gives us both some immunity from , and a way of dealing with , other people .
We have ample light when the sun sets ; ;
At what stage are social sciences then ? ?
Political theoretical understanding , although almost at a standstill during this century , did develop during the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries , and resulted in a flood of inventions which increased the possibility for man to coexist with man .
There are certainly large areas of understanding in the human sciences which in themselves and even without political invention can help to dispel our present fears .
Lucretius has remarked : `` The reason why all Mortals are so gripped by fear is that they see all sorts of things happening in the earth and sky with no discernable cause , and these they attribute to the will of God '' .
We are worried about what people may do with them -- that some crazy fool may `` push the button '' .
I am certainly not adequately trained to describe or enlarge on human fears , but there are certain features of the fears dispelled by scientific explanations that stand out quite clearly .
They are in general those fears that once seemed to have been amenable to prayer or ritual .
They arise in situations in which one believes that what happens depends not only on the external world , but also on the precise pattern of behavior of the individual or group .
Often it is recognized that all the details of the pattern may not be essential to the outcome but , because the pattern was empirically determined and not developed through theoretical understanding , one is never quite certain which behavior elements are effective , and the whole pattern becomes ritualized .
The frequently postulated antique worry that the daylight hours might dwindle to complete darkness apparently gave rise to a ritual and celebration which we still recognize .
This and other fears of the solar system have disappeared gradually , first , with the Ptolemaic system and its built-in concept of periodicity and then , more firmly , with the Newtonian innovation of an universal force that could account quantitatively for both terrestial and celestial motions .
Our understanding of the solar system has taught us to replace our former elaborate rituals with the appropriate action which , in this case , amounts to doing nothing .
We , in our country , think of war as an external threat which , if it occurs , will not be primarily of our own doing .
And yet we obviously also believe that the avoidance of the disaster depends in some obscure or at least uncertain way on the details of how we behave .
What elements of our behavior are decisive ? ?
We have staved off a war and , since our behavior has involved all these elements , we can only keep adding to our ritual without daring to abandon any part of it , since we have not the slightest notion which parts are effective .
I think that we are here also talking of the kind of fear that a young boy has for a group of boys who are approaching at night along the streets of a large city .
If an automobile were approaching him , he would know what was required of him , even though he might not be able to act quickly enough .
When confronted with a drunk or an insane person I have no notion of what any one of them might do to me or to himself or to others .
I believe that what I do has some effect on his actions and I have learned , in a way , to commune with drunks , but certainly my actions seem to resemble more nearly the performance of a rain dance than the carrying out of an experiment in physics .
Our inability to explain why certain people are fond of us frequently induces the same kind of ritual and malaise .
The achievements which dispelled our fears of the cosmos took place three centuries ago .
What additional roles has the scientific understanding of the 19th and 20th centuries played ? ?
The major effect of these advances appears to lie in the part they have played in the industrial revolution and in the tools which scientific understanding has given us to build and manipulate a more protective environment .
Even in domains where detailed and predictive understanding is still lacking , but where some explanations are possible , as with lightning and weather and earthquakes , the appropriate kind of human action has been more adequately indicated .
How and why this process occurs would provide an interesting separate subject for study .
There are many domains in which understanding has brought about widespread and quite appropriate reduction in ritual and fear .
In fact , the recent warnings about the use of X-rays have introduced fears and ambiguities of action which now require more detailed understanding , and thus in this instance , science has momentarily aggravated our fears .
In fact , insofar as science generates any fear , it stems not so much from scientific prowess and gadgets but from the fact that new unanswered questions arise , which , until they are understood , create uncertainty .
But to me Beckett's writing had seemed permeated with love for human beings and with a kind of humor that I could reconcile neither with despair nor with nihilism .
When Beckett's name came into the discussion , the priest grew loud and told me that Beckett `` hates life '' .
That , I thought , is at least one thing I can find out when we meet .
For he has the pride that comes of self-acceptance and the humility , perhaps of the same genesis , not to impose himself upon another .
The voice is light in timbre , with a rough edge that corresponds to his visage .
The conversation that ensued may have been engrossing but it could hardly be called world-shattering .
For one thing , the world that Beckett sees is already shattered .
His talk turns to what he calls `` the mess '' , or sometimes `` this buzzing confusion '' .
What appears here is shorter than what he actually said but very close to his own words .
`` What is more true than anything else ? ?
When Heidegger and Sartre speak of a contrast between being and existence , they may be right , I don't know , but their language is too philosophical for me .
One can only speak of what is in front of him , and that now is simply the mess '' .
`` How could the mess be admitted , because it appears to be the very opposite of form and therefore destructive of the very thing that art holds itself to be '' ? ?
But now we can keep it out no longer , because we have come into a time when `` it invades our experience at every moment .
And why not ? ?
How , I asked , could chaos be admitted to chaos ? ?
`` What I am saying does not mean that there will henceforth be no form in art .
That is why the form itself becomes a preoccupation , because it exists as a problem separate from the material it accommodates .
To find a form that accommodates the mess , that is the task of the artist now '' .
What is the history of criticism but the history of men attempting to make sense of the manifold elements in art that will not allow themselves to be reduced to a single philosophy or a single aesthetic theory ? ?
The classical lines of the church which Napoleon thought of as a Temple of Glory , dominated all the scene where we sat .
How can we make sense of this division ? ?
Within this notion clarity is possible , but for us who are neither Greek nor Jansenist there is not such clarity .
But where we have both dark and light we have also the inexplicable .
Given a theological lead , I asked what he thinks about those who find a religious significance to his plays .
My brother and mother got no value from their religion when they died .
When you pass a church on an Irish bus , all the hands flurry in the sign of the cross .
At a party an English intellectual -- so-called -- asked me why I write always about distress .
He says nothing that compresses experience within a closed pattern .
As a Christian , I know I do not stand where Beckett stands , but I do see much of what he sees .
The consciousness it mirrors may have come earlier to Europe than to America , but it is the consciousness that most `` mature '' societies arrive at when their successes in technological and economic systematization propel them into a time of examining the not-strictly-practical ends of culture .
Whether any of us remain in it long will depend on what happens as a result of the technological and economic revolutions now going on in the countries of Asia and Africa , and also of course on how long the cold war remains cold .
For the beatnik , like the hipster , is in opposition to a society that is based on the repression of the sex instinct .
The beatniks crave a sexual experience in which their whole being participates .
They withdraw to the underground of the slums where they can defy the precepts of legalized propriety .
This is the Holy Grail these knights of the orgasm pursue , this is the irresistible cosmic urge to which they respond .
If Wilhelm Reich is the Moses who has led them out of the Egypt of sexual slavery , Dylan Thomas is the poet who offers them the Dionysian dialectic of justification for their indulgence in liquor , marijuana , sex , and jazz .
What they are after is the beatific vision .
And Zen Buddhism , though it is extremely difficult to understand how these internal contradictions are reconciled , helps them in their struggle to achieve personal salvation through sexual release .
That is why , the argument runs , the squares are so fearful of jazz and yet perversely fascinated by it .
Instead of giving themselves spontaneously to the orgiastic release that jazz can give them , they undergo psychoanalysis or flirt with mysticism or turn to prostitutes for satisfaction .
Those who are sexually liberated can become creatively alive and free , their instincts put at the service of the imagination .
Righteous in their denunciation of all that makes for death , the beat prophets bid all men become cool cats ; ;
The beatnik , seceding from a society that is fatally afflicted with a deathward drive , is concerned with his personal salvation in the living present .
He will not curb his instinctual desires but release the energy within him that makes him feel truly and fully alive , even if it is only for this brief moment before the apocalypse of annihilation explodes on earth .
That is why the members of the beat generation proudly assume the title of the holy barbarians ; ;
they will destroy the shrines , temples , museums , and churches of the state that is the implacable enemy of the life they believe in .
With lyrical intensity they reveal what they hate , but their faith in love , inspired by the revolutionary rhythms of jazz , culminates in the climax of the orgasm .
When they express themselves it is incandescent hatred that shines forth , the rage of repudiation , the ecstasy of negation .
It is sex that obsesses them , sex that is at the basis of their aesthetic creed .
What they discuss with dialectical seriousness is the degree to which sex can inspire the Muse .
Monogamy is the vice from which the abjectly fearful middle class continue to suffer , whereas the beatnik has the courage to break out of that prison of respectability .
One girl describes her past , her succession of broken marriages , the abortions she has had and finally confesses that she loves sex and sees no reason why she must justify her passion .
If it is an honest feeling , then why should she not yield to it ? ?
`` Most often '' , she says , `` it's the monogamous relationship that is dishonest '' .
This girl soon drops the bourgeois pyschiatrist who disapproves of her life .
This confession serves to make clear in part what is behind this sexual revolution : the craving for sensation for its own sake , the need for change , for new experiences .
One beat poet composes a poem , `` Lines On A Tijuana John '' , which contains a few happy hints for survival .
The professed mission of this disaffiliated generation is to find a new way of life which they can express in poetry and fiction , but what they produce is unfortunately disordered , nourished solely on the hysteria of negation .
Who are the creative representatives of this movement ? ?
They embrace independent poverty , usually with a `` shack-up '' partner who will help support them .
What obsessions had she picked up during these long nights of talk ? ?
The women who come to West Venice , having forsaken radicalism , are interested in living only for the moment , in being constantly on the move .
Others who are attracted to this Mecca of the beat generation are homosexuals , heroin addicts , and smalltime hoodlums .
Those who are sexual deviants are naturally drawn to join the beatniks .
Carried high on this `` charge '' , he composes `` magical '' poetry that captures the organic rhythms of life in words .
If he thus achieves a lyrical , dreamlike , drugged intensity , he pays the price for his indulgence by producing work -- Allen Ginsberg's `` Howl '' is a striking example of this tendency -- that is disoriented , Dionysian but without depth and without Apollonian control .
How is the beat poet to achieve unity of form when he is at the same time engaged in a systematic derangement of senses .
If love reflects the nature of man , as Ortega Y Gasset believes , if the person in love betrays decisively what he is by his behavior in love , then the writers of the beat generation are creating a new literary genre .
There were fences in the old days when we were children .
Alley fences were made of solid boards higher than one's head , but not so high as the golden glow in a corner or the hollyhocks that grew in a line against them .
What one actually remembers is its greenness .
From maturity one looks back at the succession of years , counts them and makes them many , yet cannot feel length in the number , however large .
In a stream that turns a mill-wheel there is a lot of water ; ;
The part of the mind that preserves dates and events may remonstrate , `` It could have been like that for only a little while '' ; ;
but true memory does not count nor add : it holds fast to things that were and they are outside of time .
Once , then -- for how many years or how few does not matter -- my world was bound round by fences , when I was too small to reach the apple tree bough , to twist my knee over it and pull myself up .
hot-colored verbenas in the corner between the dining-room wall and the side porch , where we passed on our way to the pump with the half-gourd tied to it as a cup by my grandmother for our childish pleasure in drinking from it .
It was mother who planted the verbenas .
she cherished rare and delicate plants like oleanders in tubs and wall-flowers and lemon verbenas in pots that had to be wintered in the cellar ; ;
These my grandmother left in their places ( they are still there , more persistent and longer-lived than the generations of man ) and planted others like them , that flourished without careful tending .
Three of these only were protected from us by stern commandment : the roses , whose petals might not be collected until they had fallen , to be made into perfume or rose-tea to drink ; ;
the peonies , whose tight sticky buds would be blighted by the laying on of a finger , although they were not apparently harmed by the ants that crawled over them ; ;
the lilacs themselves , that bloomed so prodigally but for the most part beyond our reach ; ;
hollyhock blossoms that , turned upside down , make pink-petticoated ladies ; ;
and the little , dark blue larkspur that scattered its seed everywhere .
More potent a charm to bring back that time of life than this record of a few pictures and a few remembered facts would be a catalogue of the minutiae which are of the very stuff of the mind , intrinsic , because they were known in the beginning not by the eye alone but by the hand that held them .
Pale yellow snapdragons that by pinching could be made to bite ; ;
seed-pods of the balsams that snapped like fire-crackers at a touch ; ;
red-and-yellow columbines whose round-tipped spurs were picked off and eaten for the honey in them ; ;
morning-glory buds which could be so grasped and squeezed that they burst like a blown-up paper bag ; ;
bright flowers from the trumpet vine that made `` gloves '' on the ends of ten waggling fingers .
Dead fledgling birds , their squashed-looking nakedness and the odor of decay that clung to the hand when they had been buried in our graveyard in front of the purple flags .
Every morning early , in the summer , we searched the trunks of the trees as high as we could reach for the locust shells , carefully detached their hooked claws from the bark where they hung , and stabled them , a weird faery herd , in an angle between the high roots of the tulip tree , where no grass grew in the dense shade .
When these had been pocketed , we could still spend a morning cracking open other pebbles for our delight in seeing how much prettier they were inside than their dull exteriors indicated .
even when the fences became a part of the game -- when a vine-embowered gate-post was the Sleeping Beauty's enchanted castle , or when Rapunzel let down her golden hair from beneath the crocketed spire , even then we paid little heed to those who went by on the path outside .
We enjoyed a paradoxical freedom when we were still too young for school .
We were forbidden to swing on the gates , lest they sag on their hinges in a poor-white-trash way , but we could stand on them , when they were latched , rest our chins on the top , and stare and stare , committing to memory , quite unintentionally , all the details that lay before our eyes .
The street that is full now of traffic and parked cars then and for many years drowsed on an August afternoon in the shade of the curbside trees , and silence was a weight , almost palpable , in the air .
Every slight sound that rose against that pressure fell away again , crushed beneath it .
When the hay wagon had gone , and an interval passed , a huckster's cart might turn the corner .
he tossed a paper toward every front door , and housewives came down to their steps to pick them up and read what their neighbors had been doing .
But the fences were still in place fifty-odd years ago , and when we stood on the gate to look over , the sidewalk under our eyes was not cement but two rows of paving stones with grass between and on both sides .
it was mud in wet weather and dust , ankle-deep , in dry , and could be crossed only at the corner where there were stepping stones .
Lautner , for his part , `` belonged to the present-day race of small artists , who do not demand the utmost of themselves '' , and the bitter description of the type includes such epithets as `` wretched little poseurs '' , the devastating indictment `` they do not know how to be wretched decently and in order '' , and the somewhat extreme prophecy , so far not fulfilled : `` They will be destroyed '' .
At the same time the multiple transvestitism involved -- the fat man as girl and as baby , as coquette pretending to be a baby -- touches for a moment horrifyingly upon the secret sources of a life like Jacoby's , upon the sinister dreams which form the sources of any human life .
The music which Lautner has composed for this episode is for the most part `` rather pretty and perfectly banal '' .
It is this modulation which reveals to Jacoby his own frightful abjection and , simultaneously , his wife's infidelity .
In the work of every artist , I suppose , there may be found one or more moments which strike the student as absolutely decisive , ultimately emblematic of what it is all about ; ;
the bringing together around it of the secret liaison between indolent , mindless sensuality and sharp , shrewd talent , cleverness with an occasional touch of genius ( which , however , does not know `` how to attack the problem of suffering '' ) ; ;
the miraculous way in which music , revelation and death are associated in a single instant -- all this seems a triumph of art , a rather desperate art , in itself ; ;
When I try to work out my reasons for feeling that this passage is of critical significance , I come up with the following ideas , which I shall express very briefly here and revert to in a later essay .
The dramatic construction of his stories characteristically turns on a situation in which someone is simultaneously compelled and forbidden to love .
it is particularly the artist ( Tonio Kroger , Aschenbach , Leverkuhn ) who suffers from it .
Professionally a lawyer , that is to say associated with dignity , reserve , discipline , with much that is essentially middle-class , he is compelled by an impossible love to exhibit himself dressed up , disguised -- that is , paradoxically , revealed -- as a child , and , worse , as a whore masquerading as a child .
that is , he is suspect , guilty , punishable , as is anyone in Mann's stories who produces illusion , and this is true even though the constant elements of the artist-nature , technique , magic , guilt and suffering , are divided in this story between Jacoby and Lautner .
It appears that the dominant tendency of Mann's early tales , however pictorial or even picturesque the surface , is already toward the symbolic , the emblematic , the expressionistic .
Something of this can be learned from `` The Way To The Churchyard '' ( 1901 ) , an anecdote about an old failure whose fit of anger at a passing cyclist causes him to die of a stroke or seizure .
The artistic interest , then , lies in what the encounter may be made to represent , in the power of some central significance to draw the details into relevance and meaningfulness .
His name is Praisegod Piepsam , and he is rather fully described as to his clothing and physiognomy in a way which relates him to a sinister type in the author's repertory -- he is a forerunner of those enigmatic strangers in `` Death In Venice '' , for example , who represent some combination of cadaver , exotic , and psychopomp .
The cyclist , a sufficiently commonplace young fellow , is not named but identified simply as `` Life '' -- that and a license number , which Piepsam uses in addressing him .
that is , on the basis of his own sinfulness and abject wretchedness , Piepsam becomes a prophet who in his ecstasy and in the name of God imprecates doom on Life -- not only the cyclist now , but the audience , the world , as well : `` all you light-headed breed '' .
This passion brings on a fit which proves fatal .
Life is further characterized , in antithesis to Piepsam , as animal : the image of a dog , which appears at several places , is first given as the criterion of amiable , irrelevant interest aroused by life considered simply as a spectacle : a dog in a wagon is `` admirable '' , `` a pleasure to contemplate '' ; ;
But he is more interesting than the others , the ones who come from the highroad to watch him , more interesting than Life considered as a cyclist .
And if I have gone into so much detail about so small a work , that is because it is also so typical a work , representing the germinal form of a conflict which remains essential in Mann's writing : the crude sketch of Piepsam contains , in its critical , destructive and self-destructive tendencies , much that is enlarged and illuminated in the figures of , for instance , Naphta and Leverkuhn .
In method as well as in theme this little anecdote with its details selected as much for expressiveness and allegory as for `` realism '' , anticipates a kind of musical composition , as well as a kind of fictional composition , in which , as Leverkuhn says , `` there shall be nothing unthematic '' .
It resembles , too , pictures such as Durer and Bruegel did , in which all that looks at first to be solely pictorial proves on inspection to be also literary , the representation of a proverb , for example , or a deadly sin .
The `` reality '' to which they respond is rationally empty and their art is an imitation of the inescapable powerfulness of this unknown and empty world .
These polar concerns ( imitation vs. formalism ) reflect a philosophical and religious situation which has been developing over a long period of time .
The breakdown of classical structures of meaning in all realms of western culture has given rise to several generations of artists who have documented the disintegrative processes .
All such imitations of negative quality have given rise to a compensatory response in the form of a heroic and highly individualistic humanism : if man can neither know nor love reality as it is , he can at least invent an artistic `` reality '' which is its own world and which can speak to man of purely personal and subjective qualities capable of being known and worthy of being loved .
Whatever pole of this contrast one emphasizes and whatever the tension between these two approaches to understanding the artistic imagination , it will be readily seen that they are not mutually exclusive , that they belong together .
A broader concept of imitation is needed , one which acknowledges that true invention is important , that the artist's creativity in part transcends the non-artistic causal factors out of which it arises .
On the other hand , we cannot regard artistic invention as pure , uncaused , and unrelated to the times in which it occurs .
Accordingly , it is the aim of this essay to advance a new theory of imitation ( which I shall call mimesis in order to distinguish it from earlier theories of imitation ) and a new theory of invention ( which I shall call symbol for reasons to be stated hereafter ) .
For Plato , `` imitation '' is twice removed from reality , being a poor copy of physical appearance , which in itself is a poor copy of ideal essence .
Presupposed in Plato's system is a doctrine of levels of insight , in which a certain kind of detached understanding is alone capable of penetrating to the most sublime wisdom .
But Aristotle kept the principle of levels and even augmented it by describing in the Poetics what kinds of character and action must be imitated if the play is to be a vehicle of serious and important human truths .
The central concern of Erich Auerbach's impressive volume called Mimesis is to describe the shift from a classic theory of imitation ( based upon a recognition of levels of truth ) to a Christian theory of imitation in which the levels are dissolved .
Here artistic realism involves the audience in an impassioned participation in events whose overtones and implications are transcendent .
Artistic mimesis under Christian influence records the involvement of all persons , however humble , in a divine drama .
He is the conveyor of a sacred reality by which he has been grasped .
I have chosen to use the word `` mimesis '' in its Christian rather than its classic implications and to discover in the concrete forms of both art and myth powers of theological expression which , as in the Christian mind , are the direct consequence of involvement in historical experience , which are not reserved , as in the Greek mind , only to moments of theoretical reflection .
By `` image '' is meant not only a visual presentation , but also remembered sensations of any of the five senses plus the feelings which are immediately conjoined therewith .
This is the primary function of the imagination operating in the absence of the original experiential stimulus by which the images were first appropriated .
Mimesis is the nearest possible thing to the actual re-living of experience , in which the imagining person recovers through images something of the force and depth characteristic of experience itself .
When words can be used in a more fresh and primitive way so that they strike with the force of sights and sounds , when tones of sound and colors of paint and the carven shape all strike the sensibilities with an undeniable force of data in and of themselves , compelling the observer into an attitude of attention , all this imitates the way experience itself in its deepest character strikes upon the door of consciousness and clamors for entrance .
These are like the initial ways in which the world forces itself upon the self and thrusts the self into decision and choice .
The presence of genuine mimesis in art is marked by the persistence with which the work demands attention and compels valuation even though it is but vaguely understood .
Underlying these conceptions of mimesis are certain presuppositions concerning the nature of primary human experience which require some exposition before the main argument can proceed .
Neither is primary experience understood according to the attitude of modern empiricism in which nothing is thought to be received other than signals of sensory qualities producing their responses in the appropriate sense organs .
These desires presuppose a sense of causally efficacious powers in which one is involved , some working for one's good , others threatening ill .
In its place is a passionate consciousness grasped and molded to feelings of positive or negative values even as the actions of one's life are determined by constellations of process in which one is caught .
Our most elemental and unavoidable impressions , he says , are those of being involved in a large arena of powers which have a longer past than our own , which are interrelated in a vast movement through the present toward the future .
he is questioning , also , every epistemology which stems from Hume's presupposition that experience is merely sense data in abstraction from causal efficacy , and that causal efficacy is something intellectually imputed to the world , not directly perceived .
What Hume calls `` sensation '' is what Whitehead calls `` perception in the mode of presentational immediacy '' which is a sophisticated abstraction from perception in the mode of causal efficacy .
Whitehead contends that the human way of understanding existence as a unity of interlocking and interdependent processes which constitute each other and which cause each other to be and not to be is possible only because the basic form of such an understanding , for all its vagueness and tendency to mistake the detail , is initially given in the way man feels the world .
Both I and my feelings come up out of a chain of events that fan out into the past into sources that are ultimately very unlike the entity which I now am .
I leave it to the statisticians to say what they were , but I noticed several a few years ago , during an automobile ride from Memphis to Hattiesburg .
By what right of superior virtue , Southerners ask , do the people of the North do this ? ?
The traditional strategy of the South has been to expose the vices of the North , to demonstrate that the North possessed no superior virtue , to `` show the world that '' as James's Christopher Newman said to his adversaries ) `` however bad I may be , you're not quite the people to say it '' .
I was having lunch not long ago ( apologies to N. V. Peale ) with three distinguished historians ( one specializing in the European Middle Ages , one in American history , and one in the Far East ) , and I asked them if they could name instances where the general mores had been radically changed with `` deliberate speed , majestic instancy '' ( Francis Thompson's words for the Hound Of Heaven's Pursuit ) by judicial fiat .
But I suspect that the old Roman was referring to change made under military occupation -- the sort of change which Tacitus was talking about when he said , `` They make a desert , and call it peace '' ( `` Solitudinem faciunt , pacem appellant '' .
Prohibition was the law of the land , but it was unpopular ( how many of us oldsters took up drinking in prohibition days , drinking was so gay , so fashionable , especially in the sophisticated Northeast ! !
How do we define it '' ? ?
To guard against the tyranny of a numerical majority , Calhoun developed his theory of `` concurrent majority '' , which , he said , `` by giving to each portion of the community which may be unequally affected by the action of government , a negative on the others , prevents all partial or local legislation '' .
Who will say that our country is even now a homogeneous community ? ?
Who will deny that in a vast portion of the South the Federal action is incompatible with the Jeffersonian concept of `` the consent of the governed '' ? ?
The trouble here is that it's almost too easy to take the high moral ground when it doesn't cost you anything .
It would be interesting to know how much `` integration '' there is in the famous , fashionable colleges and prep schools of New England .
that is , about one-half of one per cent , which looks pretty `` tokenish '' to me , especially in an institution which professes to be `` national '' .
I must confess that I prefer the Liberal who is personally affected , who is willing to send his own children to a mixed school as proof of his faith .
I leave out of account the question of the best interests of the children , the question of what their best interests really are .
I'm talking about the grand manner of the Liberal -- North and South -- who is not affected personally .
) , what voices would be left ? ?
Who is involved willy nilly ? ?
A dear , respected friend of mine , who like myself grew up in the South and has spent many years in New England , said to me not long ago : `` I can't forgive New England for rejecting all complicity '' .
Being a teacher of American literature , I remembered Whittier's `` Massachusetts To Virginia '' , where he said : `` But that one dark loathsome burden ye must stagger with alone , And reap the bitter harvest which ye yourselves have sown '' .
It is something which most of us try to get out from under .
Robert Penn Warren puts it this way in `` Brother To Dragons '' : `` The recognition of complicity is the beginning of innocence '' , where innocence , I think , means about the same thing as redemption .
Lincoln understood this better than most when he said in his `` Second Inaugural '' that God `` gives to both North and South this terrible war , as the woe due to those by whom the offense came '' .
After how many generations is such wealth ( mounting all the while through the manipulations of high finance ) purified of taint ? ?
It is a question which New Englanders long ago put out of their minds .
Who is the owner ? ?
It ignores the sordid financial aspects ( quite conveniently , too , for his audience , who could indulge in moral indignation without visible , or even conscious , discomfort , their money from the transaction having been put away long ago in a good antiseptic brokerage ) .
The clause reprobating the enslaving the inhabitants of Africa was struck out in complaisance to South Carolina and Georgia , who had never attempted to restrain the importation of slaves , and who on the contrary still wished to continue it .
Why should this be so ? ?
How did it happen , for example , that the state university , that great symbol of American democracy , failed to flourish in New England as it did in other parts of the country ? ?
Was it supposed , perchance , that A & M ( vocational training , that is ) was quite sufficient for the immigrant class which flooded that part of the New England world in the post-Civil War period , the immigrants having been brought in from Southern Europe , to work in the mills , to make up for the labor shortage caused by migration to the West ? ?
And what a galaxy of those adorns that fair land ! !
One is that they were established , or gained eminence , under pressure provided by these same immigrants , from whom the old families wished to segregate their children .
Of these there are surely few that would be more rewarding discoveries than Verner Von Heidenstam , the Swedish poet and novelist who received the award in 1916 and whose centennial was celebrated two years ago .
Being somewhat delicate in health , at the age of sixteen he was sent to Southern Europe , for which he at once developed a passion , so that he spent nearly all of the following ten years abroad , at first in Italy , then in Greece , Egypt , Asia Minor , and Palestine .
In one of his summers at home he married , to the great disapproval of his father , who objected because of his extreme youth .
Deciding to become a painter , he entered the studio of Gerome in Paris , where he enjoyed the life of the artists , but soon found that whatever talent he might have did not lie in that direction .
Of the longer pieces of the volume none is so memorable as `` Nameless And Immortal '' , which at once took rank among the finest poems ever written in the Swedish language .
It celebrates the unknown architect who designed the temple of Neptune at Paestum , next to the Parthenon the noblest example of Grecian classic style now in existence .
On the eve of his return to their native Naxos he speaks with his wife of the masterpiece which rises before them in its completed perfection .
Not so , he answers , it is not the architect but the temple that is immortal .
A dominant motive is the poet's longing for his homeland and its boyhood associations : `` Not men-folk , but the fields where I would stray , The stones where as a child I used to play '' .
What he really wants is to find `` a sacred cause '' to which he can honestly devote himself .
This restless individualism found its answer when he returned to live nearly all the rest of his life in Sweden .
His next major work , completed in 1892 , was a long fantastic epic in prose , entitled Hans Alienus , which Professor Book describes as a monument on the grave of his carefree and indolent youth .
The hero , who is himself , is represented as a pilgrim in the storied lands of the East , a sort of Faustus type , who , to quote from Professor Book again , `` even in the pleasure gardens of Sardanapalus can not cease from his painful search after the meaning of life .
Each failed catastrophically in an invasion of Russia and each brought ruin on the country that worshipped him .
After the collapse of that desperate and ill-fated campaign the character of the king degenerated for a time into a futility that was not merely pitiable but often ridiculous .
This comes out in `` When The Bells Ring '' , which describes the rallying of the peasants in southern Sweden to repel an invasion by the Danes .
But he plunges into yet another , this time with Norway , and is killed in an assault on the fortress of Fredrikshall , being only thirty-six years of age when he died .
From being a hated tyrant and madman he was now the symbol of all that was noblest and best in the history of Sweden .
Especially touching is the chapter , `` The Little Sister '' , about a king's daughter who became a nun in the convent of St. Birgitta .
Today the private detective will also investigate insurance claims or handle divorce cases , but his primary function remains what it has always been , to assist those who have money in their unending struggle with those who have not .
For this reason , he appears as an independent and self-reliant figure , whose rugged individualism need not be pressed into the mold of a 9 to 5 routine .
Whatever his original assignment , the fictional private eye ends up by investigating and solving a crime , usually a murder .
It is this curious blend of rugged individualism and public service which accounts for the great appeal of the mythological detective .
By virtue of his self-reliance , his individualism and his freedom from external restraint , the private eye is a perfect embodiment of the middle class conception of liberty , which amounts to doing what you please and let the devil take the hindmost .
In short , the fictional private eye is a specialized version of Adam Smith's ideal entrepreneur , the man whose private ambitions must always and everywhere promote the public welfare .
Even on the fictional level , however , the contradictions which give rise to the mystery story are not fully resolved .
It is the gradual unfolding and deepening of this contradiction which creates the inner dialectic of the evolution of the mystery story .
but the society which he serves bores him to tears .
Why do the police find Holmes `` unorthodox '' ? ?
Another , more interesting explanation , is hinted at by Watson when he observes on several occasions that Holmes would have made a magnificent criminal .
Linked to Holmes even in death , Moriarty represents the alter-ego of the great detective , the image of what our hero might have become were he not a public servant .
In a society where everything is for sale , Marlowe is the only man who cannot be bought .
but when the bird is found at last , it turns out to be a fake .
Now the detective must save his own skin by informing on the girl he loves , who is also the real murderer .
But even when the police are honest , they do not trust the private eye .
In order to exonerate himself , he is compelled to find the real criminal , who happens to be his girl friend .
What was only a vague suspicion in the case of Sherlock Holmes now appears as a direct accusation : the private eye is in danger of turning into his opposite .
It is the growing contradiction between individualism and public service in the mystery story which creates this fatal dilemma .
By upholding his own personal code of behavior , the private detective has placed himself in opposition to a society whose fabric is permeated with crime and corruption .
He kills when he pleases , takes his women where he finds them and always acts as judge , jury and executioner rolled into one .
For example , suppose a man wearing a $200 watch , driving a 1959 Rolls Royce , stops to ask a man on the sidewalk , `` What time is it '' ? ?
Presumably a cocktail party is expected to fulfill the host's desire to get together a number of people who are inadequately acquainted and thereby arrange for bringing the level of acquaintance up to adequacy for future cooperative endeavors .
The completeness of the connections provide that , for N people , there are Af lines of communication between the pairs , which can become a large number ( 1,225 ) for a party of fifty guests .
For the occasion on which everyone already knows everyone else and the host wishes them to meet one or a few honored newcomers , then the `` open house '' system is advantageous because the honored guests are fixed connective points and the drifting guests make and break connections at the door .
We consider a rural community as an assemblage of inhabited dwellings whose configuration is determined by the location and size of the arable land sites necessary for family subsistence .
In any social system in which communications have an importance comparable with that of production and other human factors , a point like f in Figure 2 would ( other things being equal ) be the dwelling place for the community leader , while e and h would house the next most important citizens .
The dweller at p is last to hear about a new cure , the slowest to announce to his neighbors his urgent distresses , the one who goes the farthest to trade , and the one with the greatest difficulty of all in putting over an idea or getting people to join him in a cooperative effort .
The networks for military communications are one of the best examples of networks which not only must be changed with the changes in objectives but also must be changed with the addition of new machines of war .
The need for monitoring became greater when radio was adopted for military signaling .
Alexander the Great , who used runners as message carriers , did not have to worry about having every officer in his command hear what he said and having hundreds of them comment at once .
This is done for simplicity of commands and to bring the hidden redundancy up to where misunderstanding has almost zero possibility .
and are combinable into sequences which permit any marching maneuver that could be desired on a parade ground .
The assumptions upon which the example shown in Figure 3 is based are : ( A ) One man can direct about six subordinates if the subordinates are chosen carefully so that they do not need too much personal coaching , indoctrinating , etc. .
Furthermore , the network in Figure 3 is only the basic net through which other networks pertaining to logistics and the like are interlaced .
Not discussed here are some military problems of modern times such as undersea warfare , where the surveillance , sending , transmitting , and receiving are all so inadequate that networks and decision making are not the bottlenecks .
Such problems are of extreme interest as well as importance and are so much like fighting in a rain forest or guerrilla warfare at night in tall grass that we might have to re-examine primitive conflicts for what they could teach .
This is an unsolved problem which probably has never been seriously investigated , although one frequently hears the comment that we have insufficient specialists of the kind who can compete with the Germans or Swiss , for example , in precision machinery and mathematics , or the Finns in geochemistry .
We hear equally fervent concern over the belief that we have not enough generalists who can see the over-all picture and combine our national skills and knowledge for useful purposes .
But , for practical purposes , we have people who can be considered as such .
For example , there are persons who are in physical science , in the field of mineralogy , trained in crystallography , who use only X-rays , applying only the powder technique of X-ray diffraction , to clay minerals only , and who have spent the last fifteen years concentrating on the montmorillonites ; ;
So we see that a specialist is a man who knows more and more about less and less as he develops , as contrasted to the generalist , who knows less and less about more and more .
American democratic thought , pointed up the relation between the Protestant movement in this country and the development of a social religion , which he called the American Democratic Faith .
And he describes it as a balanced polarity between the notions of the free individual and what he called the fundamental law .
But first I want to quote him on the relationship that he found between religion and politics in this country and what happened to it .
He says : `` beside the Protestant philosophy of Progress , as expressed in radical or conservative millenarianism , should be placed the doctrine of the democratic faith which affirmed it to be the duty of the destiny of the United States to assist in the creation of a better world by keeping lighted the beacon of democracy '' .
I used his polarity to illustrate what I thought had happened to us in that form of liberalism we call Progressivism .
It is a weakness of Gabriel's analysis that he never seems to realize that his so-called fundamental law had already been cut loose from its foundations when it was adapted to democracy .
And with Progressivism the Religion of Humanity was replacing what Gabriel called Christian supernaturalism .
During the decade that followed , the common man , as that piece put it , grew uncomfortable as the Voice of God and fled from behind Saint Woodrow ( Wilson ) only to learn from Science , to his shocked relief that after all there was no God he had to speak for and that he was just an animal anyhow -- that there was a chemical formula for him , and that too much couldn't be expected of him .
What had happened to the common man ? ?
The first of which to find important place in our federal government was the graduated income tax under Wilson .
Moreover the centralization of our economy during the 1920s , the dislocations of the Depression , the common ethos of Materialism everywhere , all contributed in various ways to the face-lifting that replaced Mike Fink and the Great Gatsby with the anonymous physiognomy of the Little People .
This is important to understanding the position that doctrinaire liberals found themselves in after World War 2 , and our great democratic victory that brought no peace .
The long road that had taken liberals in this country into the social religion of democracy , into a worship of man , led logically to the Marxist dream of a classless society under a Socialist State .
During the next five years liberal leaders in the United States sank in the cumulative confusion attendant upon and manifested in a negative policy of Containment -- and the bitterest irony -- enforced and enforceable only by threat of a weapon that we felt the greatest distaste for but could not abandon : the atom bomb .
But I have been at some pains to review it as the drama of the common man , to point up what happened to him under Eisenhower's leadership .
He opens his discourse , however , with a review of the Eisenhower inaugural festivities at which a sympathetic press had assembled its massive talents , all primed to catch some revelation of the emerging new age .
Lubell offers his book as an explanation of why there was no clue .
Obviously there has been no agreement on what American conservatism is , or rather , what it should be .
For it was neglected , not to say nascent , when the struggle began .
What I am here to do is to report on the gyrations of the struggle -- a struggle that amounts to self-redefinition -- to see if we can predict its future course .
I will mention two volumes of specific comment on this malaise that appeared last year .
What I want to point out here is that all of them are ex-liberals , or modified liberals , with perhaps one exception .
Only Walter Lippman envisioned the possibility of our having `` outlived most of what we used to regard as the program of our national purposes '' .
They , perhaps , gave the pitch of their position in the preface where it was said that Eisenhower requested that the Commission be administered by the American Assembly of Columbia University , because it was non-partisan .
The Commission seems to represent the viewpoint of what I would call the unconscious liberal , but not unconscious enough , to invoke the now taboo symbolism of socialism .
But it is the need to undertake these testaments that I would submit here as symptom of the common man's malaise .
And let me add Murray's new book as another symptom of it , particularly so in view of the attention Time magazine gave it when it came out recently .
What is the common man's complaint ? ?
Does our society have a runaway , uncontrollable growth of technology which may end our civilization , or a normal , healthy growth ? ?
Here there may be an analogy with cancer : we can detect cancers by their rapidly accelerating growth , determinable only when related to the more normal rate of healthy growth .
Otherwise , we go on endlessly trying to draw the line , color and other , as to which kind of man we wish to see dominate .
We must believe we have the ability to affect our own destinies : otherwise why try anything ? ?
So in these pages the term `` technology '' is used to include any and all means which could amplify , project , or augment man's control over himself and over other men .
Asked which institution most needs correction , I would say the corporation as it exists in America today .
At first glance this appears strange : of all people , was not America founded by rugged individualists who established a new way of life still inspiring `` undeveloped '' societies abroad ? ?
In a book review of `` The Soviet Cultural Offensive '' , he says , `` Long before the State Department organized its bureaucracy into an East-West Contacts Staff in order to wage a cultural counter-offensive within Soviet borders , the sharp cutting-edge of American culture had carved its mark across the Russian steppes , as when the enterprising promoters of ' Porgy And Bess ' overrode the State Department to carry the contemporary ' cultural warfare ' behind the enemy lines .
Their kind created an American culture superior to any in the world , an industrial and technological culture which penetrated Russia as it did almost every corner of the earth without a nickel from the Federal treasury or a single governmental specialist to contrive directives or program a series of consultations of interested agencies .
First , let us realize that whatever good this set-up achieved in earlier times , now the corporation per se cannot take economic leadership .
When we `` forced '' individuals to assume the corporate structure by means of taxes and other legal statutes , we adopted what I would term `` pseudo-capitalism '' and so took a major step toward socialism .
But let us not complain of the evils of capitalism by referring to a form that is not truly capitalistic .
But the pseudo-capitalism which dictates our whole economy as well as our politics and social life , will not stand close scrutiny .
As to benefits to employees , it is notorious for its callous disregard except where it depends on them for services .
The corporation in America is in reality our form of socialism , vying in a sense with the other socialistic form that has emerged within governmental bureaucracy .
So we are faced with a vast network of amorphous entities perpetuating themselves in whatever manner they can , without regard to the needs of society , controlling society and forcing upon it a regime representing only the corporation's needs for survival .
Ideally speaking , it should be allowed to operate only where the public has a great stake in the continuity of supply or services , and where the actions of a single proprietor are secondary to the needs of society .
Examples are in public utilities , making military aircraft and accessories , or where the investment and risk for a proprietorship would be too great for a much needed project impossible to achieve by any means other than the corporate form , e.g. constructing major airports or dams .
and for this human beings must be firmly in control of the economics on which our society rests .
Hence government must establish greater controls upon corporations so that their activities promote what is deemed essential to the national interest .
To perpetuate wealth control led by small groups of individuals who played no role in its creation prevents those with real initiative from coming to the fore , and is basically anti-democratic .
When the proprietor dies , the establishment should become a corporation until it is either acquired by another proprietor or the government decides to drop it .
Strikes should be declared illegal against corporations because disagreements would have to be settled by government representatives acting as controllers of the corporation whose responsibility to the state would now be defined against proprietorship because employees and proprietors must be completely interdependent , as they are each a part of the whole .
If we cannot stop warfare in our own economic system , how can we expect to abolish it internationally ? ?
These proposals would go far toward creating the economic atmosphere favoring growth of the individual , who , in turn , would help us to cope with runaway technology .
In my own company , in effect a partnership , although legally a corporation , I have been able to do many things for my employees which `` normal '' corporations of comparable size and nature would have been unable to do .
Postmaster General Burleson set about to protect the American people against radical propaganda that might be spread through the mails .
Attorney General Palmer made a series of raids that sent more than 4,000 so-called radicals to the jails , in direct violation of their constitutional rights .
Anyone who tried to remedy some of the most glaring defects in our form of democracy was denounced as a traitorous red whose real purpose was the destruction of our government .
Demagogues of this sort found communist bogeys lurking behind any new idea that would run counter to stereotyped notions .
New ideas were dangerous and must be repressed , no matter how .
Those who would suppress dangerous thoughts , credit ideas with high potency .
They give strict interpretation to William James' statement that `` Every idea that enters the mind tends to express itself '' .
So all-important are ideas , we are told , that persons successful in business and happy in social life usually fall into two classes : those who invent new ideas of their own , and those who borrow , beg , or steal from others .
What of his treatment of the Jew in The Merchant Of Venice ? ?
The Jews had been banished from England in 1290 and were not permitted to return before 1655 , when Shakespeare had been dead for thirty-nine years .
Harris J. Griston , in Shaking The Dust From Shakespeare ( 216 ) , writes : `` There is not a word spoken by Shylock which one would expect from a real Jew '' .
Who cares about them ! !
Let his bones and his memory rest in the fifteenth century where they belong ; ;
A successful businessman recently prefaced his address to a luncheon group with the statement that all economists should be sent to the hospitals for the mentally deranged where they and their theories might rot together .
What of the efficiency of this natural instrument of free discussion ? ?
Is there some magic in it that assures results ? ?
When Peter B. Kyne ( Pride Of Palomar , 43 ) informed us in 1921 that we had an instinctive dislike for the Japanese , did the heated debates of the Californians settle the truth or falsity of the proposition ? ?
If a child had a single drop of Negro blood , he would revert to the ancestral line which , except as slaves under a superior race , had not made one step of progress in 3,000 years .
The son and heir of a prominent family marries a girl who has tell-tale shadows on the half-moons of her finger nails .
When some question arises in the medical field concerning cancer , for instance , we do not turn to free and open discussion as in a political campaign .
But is the result new barnsful of tested knowledge on the basis of which we can with confidence solve our domestic and international problems ? ?
But what a super-Herculean task it is to winnow anything of value from the mud-beplastered arguments used so freely , particularly since such common use is made of cliches and stereotypes , in themselves declarations of intellectual bankruptcy .
In truth , we can say that this broke the power of Senator Joseph McCarthy , who was finally exposed in full light to the American people .
If he had been `` liquidated '' in some way , he would have become a martyr , a rallying point for people who shared his ideas .
But it is a clumsy and wasteful process : it can produce negative results but not much that is positive .
Debate rid us of McCarthy but did not give us much that is positive .
In the field of the social sciences a considerable fund of tested knowledge has been accumulated that can be used to good advantage .
By no means would we discourage the production of ideas : they provide raw materials with which to work ; ;
they provide stimulations that lead to further production .
It is testimony to the deep respect in which Mr. Eisenhower was held by members of all parties that the moral considerations raised by his approach to the matter were not explicitly to be broached .
It forced us to fix the responsibility for the position in which all medical commentators had been placed .
For the President had dealt with the matter humbly , in what he conceived as the democratic way .
But the problem is one which gives us the measure of a man , rather than a group of men , whether a group of doctors , a group of party members assembled at a dinner to give their opinion , or the masses of the voters .
Any attempt to reconcile this statement of the central issue in the campaign of 1956 with the nature of the man who could not conceive it as the central issue will at least resolve our confusions about the chaotic and misleading results of the earnestness of both doctors and President in a situation which should never have arisen .
It was a response to the conflict between political pressure and the moral intuition which resulted in attempts at prediction .
In no other situation would a group of doctors , struggling competently to improve the life expectancy of a man beloved by the world , be subjected to such merciless and persistent questioning , and before they were prepared to demonstrate the kind of verbal precision which alone can clarify for mankind the problems it faces .
It recurred in the press conferences : the President's remarks about his running developed a singular tone , one which we find in few statements made by public individuals on such a matter .
The press conference became a stage which betrayed the drift of his private thinking , rather than his convictions .
He commented -- thoughtfully , a reporter told us -- that it was `` not too important for the individual how he ends up '' .
Yet the attitude that the fate of the Presidency demands in such a situation is quite distinct from the simple courage that can proceed with battles to be fought , regardless of the consequences .
It is of the utmost importance to the people of America and of the world how their governing President `` ends up '' during the four years of his term .
Only when that term is ended and he is a private citizen again can he be permitted the freedom and the courage to discount the dangers of his death .
At the national and international level , then , what is the highest kind of morality for the private citizen represents an instance of political immorality .
And we had the uneasy sense that the cleavage between the moral and the political progressed amid the events which concern us .
For the tone of the editorials which greeted Mr. Eisenhower's original announcement of his running had been strangely disquieting .
Neither the vibrant enthusiasm which bespeaks a people's intuitive sense of the fitness of things at climactic moments nor the vital argumentation betraying its sense that something significant has transpired was in evidence .
Nothing testifies more clearly to that cleavage than the peculiar editorial page appearing in a July issue of Life Magazine , the issue which also carried the second announcement of the candidacy .
`` The Moral Creed '' and `` The Will To Risk '' live happily together , if we do not examine where the line is to be drawn .
Ironically no president we have had would have regretted more than President Eisenhower the possibility to which his own words , in the press conference held at the beginning of August , testified : that unable as he was himself to say his running was best for the country , unconsciously he had placed his party before his nation .
No consideration of risk urges itself upon him now : for this is what the mind does with the ideas on which it has not properly focussed .
Yet with a mind less shallow , if less sharp , than some of the fortune-happy syndicates which back him , he feels what he cannot formulate ; ;
and we watch him amid the overtones which suggest he could never in any conscience urge a risk upon the voters .
Moving as he is into the phase of the campaign which demands conviction of him , he adopts a position that is morally indefensible .
He ascribes to the mercy of God the peace which this personal matter -- the assurance that he can physically sustain the burden of the office longer than any individual in the history of our nation has been able to do -- has brought him .
What is simply an opinion formed in defiance of the laws of human probability , whether or not it is later confirmed , has become by September of the election year `` a firm conviction '' .
As a means of silencing a discussion which ought to have taken place , the statement is an effective one : we sympathize with the universal confusion which gives rise to such convictions .
In assigning to God the responsibility which he learned could not rest with his doctors , Eisenhower gave evidence of that weakening of the moral intuition which was to characterize his administration in the years to follow .
But the fact remains that even the unconscious acceptance of himself as a man of destiny divinely protected must be censored in any man who evades the responsibility for his major decisions , and thus for imposing his will on the people .
When the possibility that he had not given reconsideration to so weighty a decision seemed to disconcert his questioners , Mr. Eisenhower was known to make his characteristic statement to the press that he was not going to talk about the matter any more .
The portrait that had developed , fragmentarily but consistently , was the portrait of a man to whom serious thinking is alien enough that the making of a decision inhibits , when it does not forestall , any ability to review the decision in the light of new evidence .
Instead it means that the thinking in which decision issues has the power to determine the morality of the decision , as in this instance the pressure for renewed practical or legislative attention to the constitutional problems the decision had uncovered might have done .
In the incessant struggle with recalcitrant political fact he learns to focus the essence of a problem in the significant detail , and to articulate the distinctions which clarify the detail as significant , with what is sometimes astounding rapidity .
The very nature of a choice so grounded in distinction and fact leads to the valid convictions which become force of will in the manifest leader .
The capacity for making the distinctions of which diplomacy is compact , and the facility with language which can render them into validity in the eyes of other men are the leader's means for transforming the moral intuition into moral leadership .
But because it is the function of the mind to turn the one into the other by means of the capacities with which words endow it , we do not unwisely examine the type of distinction , in the sphere of politics , on which decisions hang .
Only recently , and perhaps because a television debate can so effectively dramatize President Kennedy's extraordinary mastery of detail , have the abilities on which the capacity for making distinctions depend begun to be clearly discernible at the level of politics .
and it is surely clear that the first of these is the result of the way in which the individual's command of language interacts with the other two .
The division is not between those who wish to preserve what they have and those who want change .
The civilizational crisis , the third type of change raises the question `` what are we to do '' ? ?
An interregnum ensues in which not men but ideas compete for existence .
If we examine the three types of change from the point of view of their internal structure we find an additional profound difference between the third and the first two , one that accounts for the notable difference between the responses they evoke .
The second involves something deeper , but its characteristic form focuses on a shift in policy for the community , not in the truth on which the community rests .
The third type , however , wrenches attention from the life of action and interests in the community and focuses it on the ground of being on which the community depends for its existence .
There the community , faced with the need to formulate policy on the level of absolute justice , can find the answer to its problem in the absolute truth which it holds as partially experienced .
This , however , cannot be done by a community whose very experience of truth is confused and incoherent : it has no absolute standard , and consequently cannot distinguish the absolute from the contingent .
Precisely at the moment when it has lost its vision the mind of the community turns out from itself in a search for the ontological standard whereby it can measure itself .
For paradigmatic history `` breaks '' rather than unfolds precisely when the movement is from order to disorder , and not from one order to a new order .
The liberal-conservative split , to define it further , derives from a basic difference concerning the existential status of standard sought and about the spiritual experience that leads to its identification .
When disruptive change has penetrated to the third level of social order , the process of disruption rapidly reaches a point of no return .
At that point we reach the `` closed '' historical situation : the situation in which man is no longer free to return to a status quo ante .
Its ontological status is itself most tenuous because apart from individual men , who are its `` matter '' , tradition , the `` form '' of society exists only as a shared perception of truth .
Civilization itself -- tradition -- falls out of existence when the human spirit itself becomes confused .
Civilization is what man has made of himself .
An existentialist is a man who perceives himself only as `` esse '' , as existence without substance .
Thus human perception and human volition is the immanent cause of all social change and this most truly when the change reaches the civilizational level .
Thus with regard to the loss of tradition , in the change from order to disorder the metaphysics of change works itself out as a disruption of the individual soul , a change in which man continues as an objective ontological existent , but no longer as a man .
With regard to the change we are examining , the question is , at what point does the change become irreversible ? ?
This means that the inception of change itself can begin only when the factors conducive to change have already become more powerful than those anchoring the existent form in being .
If the existent form is to be retained new factors that reinforce it must be introduced into the situation .
And when we consider the tenuous hold tradition has on existence , any weakening of that hold constitutes a crisis of existence .
To experience them , it is not necessary for a people to be actively aware of what is happening to it .
Within institutions there is a marked decline of the process of persuasion and the substitution of a force-fear process which masquerades as the earlier one of persuasion .
The response of reaction is dominated by a concern for what is vanishing .
The problem is to remove the accretions and thereby uncover the order that was always there .
The most reaction can achieve is stasis , and a stasis that can be maintained only by the expenditure of an effort which ultimately exhausts itself .
Since a civilizational crisis involves also a crisis in private interests and in the ruling class , reaction is normally found among those who feel themselves to be among the ruling class .
In its dynamic form , it visualizes the community as the embodiment of an ontological force -- the race , for instance , which unfolds in history .
When the reactionary response is thus bolstered by an intellectual defense , the characteristics of that defense are explicable only in terms of the basic attitudes of unanalyzed reaction .
It is a total situation that is defended : the `` good old days '' .
The point is that the reactionary , for whatever motive , perceives himself to have been part or a partner of something that extended beyond himself , something which , consequently , he was not able to accept or reject on the basis of subjective preference .
The reactionary is confused about the existential status of a decaying tradition , but he does perceive the unity tradition had when it was healthy .
All of which brings up another problem in the use of psychoanalytic insight in a literary work .
If we remove ourselves for a moment from our time and our infatuation with mental disease , isn't there something absurd about a hero in a novel who is defeated by his infantile neurosis ? ?
A man in a novel who is defeated in his childhood and condemned by unconscious forces within him to tiredly repeat his earliest failure in love , only makes us a little weary of man ; ;
But a novel in which one man Karamazov explored the divisions within his personality would scarcely merit publication in the Psychoanalytic Quarterly .
Whatever the psychological truth in the Oedipus myth , an Oedipus who is drawn to his fate by irresistible external forces can carry the symbol of humanity and its archaic crime , and the incest that is unknowing renews the mystery of the eternal dream of childhood and absorbs us in the secret .
But a modern Oedipus who is doomed because he cannot oppose his own childhood is only pathetic , and for renouncing the mystery in favor of psychological truth he gives up the claim on our sympathies .
The best gifts of the novelist will be wasted on the reader who is insulated against any surprises the novelist may have in store for him .
Which brings to mind another Lawrence story and some interesting comparisons in the treatment of the Oedipal theme .
`` The Rocking Horse Winner '' is a fantasy with extraordinary power to disturb the reader -- but we do not know why .
There are ghostly scenes in which the little boy on his rocking horse rocks madly toward the climax that will magically give him the name of the winning horse .
I had read the story many times without asking myself why it affected me or caring why it did .
But on one occasion when I encountered a similar fantasy in a little boy who was my patient I began to understand the uncanny effects of this story .
It was , of course , a little boy's fantasy of winning his mother to himself , and replacing the father who could not give her the things she wanted -- a classical oedipal fantasy if you like -- but if it were only this the story would be banal .
Why does the story affect us ? ?
How does the rocking exert its uncanny effect upon the reader ? ?
The rocking is actually felt in the story , a terrible and ominous rhythm that prophesies the tragedy .
The rocking , I realized , is the single element in the story that carries the erotic message , the unspoken and unconscious undercurrent that would mar the innocence of a child's fantasy and disturb the effects of the work if it were made explicit .
And if we understand the rocking as an erotic symbol we can also see how well it serves as the symbol of impending tragedy .
It's easy to see why .
we accord it its place there , and in Lawrence's treatment we are given the innocent fantasy of a child , in fact , the form in which oedipal love is expressed in childhood .
And when the child dies in Lawrence's story in a delirium that is somehow brought on by his mania to win and to make his mother rich , the manifest absurdity of such a disease and such a death does not enter into our thoughts at all .
He was simply writing a story that wanted to be told , and in the writing a childhood fantasy of his own emerged .
He would not have cared why it emerged , he only wanted to capture a memory to play with it again in his imagination and somehow to fix and hold in the story the disturbing emotions that accompanied the fantasy .
He borrows the insights of psychology to improve his impaired vision but cannot bring to his work the distinctive vision that should be a novelist's own .
If many of the characters in contemporary novels appear to be the bloodless relations of characters in a case history it is because the novelist is often forgetful today that those things that we call character manifest themselves in surface behavior , that the ego is still the executive agency of personality , and that all we know of personality must be discerned through the ego .
The novelist who has been badly baptized in psychoanalysis often gives us the impression that since all men must have an Oedipus complex all men must have the same faces .
But a writer who has a taste for irony and who sees incest in all its modern dimensions can let his imagination work on the disturbing joke in the incest myth , the joke that strikes right at the center of man's humanness .
He chose a medieval legend of incest , Gregorius Vom Stein , and freely borrowed and parodied other myths of the West , mixing themes , language , peoples and times in a master myth in which the old forms continually renew themselves , as in his previous treatment of Joseph .
Mann understood better than most men the incest comedy at the center of the myth and the psychological truth in which dread is shown as the other face as longing was for him just the kind of deep and complicated joke he liked to tell .
And when he retold the legend of Gregorius he interpolated a modern version in which the medieval players speak contemporary thoughts in archaic language ; ;
The infant is discovered by a fisherman who brings him home to rear him .
His sailing vessel is guided by fate to the shores of his own country at a time when Sibylla's domain is overrun by the armies of one of her rejected suitors .
Grigorss overcomes the suitor in battle , delivers the city from its oppressors and marries Sibylla who had fallen in love with the beautiful knight the moment she saw him .
Sibylla is pregnant with their second child when she finds the ivory tablet concealed by her husband , and the identities of mother and son are revealed .
At the end of this period two pious Christians in Rome receive the revelation which leads them to seek the next Pope on the rock .
The play of novel lighting effects also entered into these compositions , whose controlled power and varied activity made them well worth meditating .
He was engaged in constant experiments that searched for new directions .
Where would it all lead ? ?
During the 1920's the Abstractionists , the German Bauhaus group of industrial designers , and the new architects all had the dream of some well ordered utopia , or welfare state , in which their neat and logical constructions might find their proper place .
But whereas the postwar American abstractionists seem to Helion to be determined to `` escape '' from the real world , or simply to rebel against it , the ordered abstractions which he and his associates of the 1930's were painting embodied the hope of `` improving '' things .
Very much the political man , Helion felt himself deeply affected by the increasingly pessimistic atmosphere of France and all Europe , whose foundations seemed to him more and more shaky .
In New York he was well received by what was then only a small brave band of non-figurative artists , including Alexander Calder , George K. L. Morris , De Kooning , Holty and a few others .
After a year in a studio on Sheridan Square , having married an American girl who was a native of Virginia , Helion moved to a village in the Blue Ridge mountains , where he produced some of the most imposing of his abstract canvases .
a `` Double-Figure '' , which went to the Chicago Art Institute , and is considered by him the most successful of his abstracts ; ;
and in early 1939 , a `` Fallen Figure '' of very ominous character , which concluded his abstract phase .
`` I hated the war '' , he said , `` but thought I ought to go because I was , perhaps , one of those who hadn't done enough to prevent it '' .
In June , 1940 , Sergeant Helion , with a company of reserve troops waiting to go into battle , was sketching the hills south of the Loire River , when the war suddenly rolled in upon him .
When he was stripped , deloused and numbered by his guards , his much-thumbed sketchbook was seized and thrown on a pile of prisoners' goods to be confiscated .
-- who questioned things when given orders '' .
At Stettin the university-educated artist , who had studied German , was chosen to serve as interpreter and clerk in the office of the Stalag commander .
In secret he also acted as a member of the prisoners' Central Committee , which plotted sabotage , planned a few escapes , and maintained a hidden control over the wretched French slave-laborers .
In the Stalag , Helion came to know and love his comrades , most of them plain folk , who , in their extremity , showed true courage and ran great risks to help each other .
How much they esteemed him is shown by the fact that their underground committee selected him as one of the few who would be helped to escape .
not only loathing of captivity , but a faith , a hope that is even stronger .
I left behind me brave men , whom captivity had robbed of all hope .
They too loved their families , longed for their villages : yet lacked the faith that drove one to dare the fearful chance of escape '' .
and the author , who seemed the embodiment of France's rising spirit of resistance to her conquerors , was much complimented for his daring military action .
But when he showed his new figurative pictures to his artist friends of the abstract camp , they paid him no compliments and drew long faces .
Important as was Mr. O'Donnell's essay , his thesis is so restricting as to deny Faulkner the stature which he obviously has .
He and also Mr. Cowley and Mr. Warren have fallen to the temptation which besets many of us to read into our authors -- Nathaniel Hawthorne , for example , and Herman Melville -- protests against modernism , material progress , and science which are genuine protests of our own but may not have been theirs .
Faulkner's total works today , and in fact those of his works which existed in 1946 when Mr. Cowley made his comment , or in 1939 , when Mr. O'Donnell wrote his essay , reveal no such simple attitude toward the South .
If the barn-burner's family produces a Flem Snopes , who personifies commercialism and materialism in hyperbolic crassness , the Compson family produces a Jason Compson 4 .
Faulkner's is not the mind of the apologist which Mr. O'Donnell implies that it is .
It is to say rather , I believe , that he has brought to bear on the history , the traditions , and the lore of his region a critical , skeptical mind -- the same mind which has made of him an inveterate experimenter in literary form and technique .
He has employed from his section rich immediate materials which in a loose sense can be termed Southern .
The fact that he has cast over those materials the light of a skeptical mind does not make him any the less Southern , I rather think , for the South has been no more solid than other regions except in the political and related areas where patronage and force and intimidation and fear may produce a surface uniformity .
Besides showing no inclination , apparently , to absent himself from his native region even for short periods , and in addition writing a shelf of books set in the region , he has handled in those books an astonishingly complete list of matters which have been important in the South during the past hundred years .
It is more difficult with Faulkner than with most authors to say what is the extent and what is the source of his knowledge .
His own testimony is that he has read very little in the history of the South , implying that what he knows of that history has come to him orally and that he knows the world around him primarily from his own unassisted observation .
His denials of extensive reading notwithstanding , it is no doubt safe to assume that he has spent time schooling himself in Southern history and that he has gained some acquaintance with the chief literary authors who have lived in the South or have written about the South .
Evidence is plentiful that early and later also he has been indebted to the Gothic romancers , who deal in extravagant horror , to the symbolists writing at the end of the preceding century , and in particular to the stream-of-consciousness novelists , Henry James and James Joyce among them .
A useful comment on his relation to his region may be made , I think , by noting briefly how in handling Southern materials and Southern problems he has deviated from the pattern set by other Southern authors while remaining faithful to the essential character of the region .
The thoroughgoing idealization of the planter society did not come , however , until after the Civil War when Southern writers were eager to defend a way of life which had been destroyed .
As they looked with nostalgia to a society which had been swept away , they were probably no more than half-conscious that they painted in colors which had never existed .
It may be that in this comment he has broken from the conventional pattern more violently than in any other regard , for the treatment in his books is far removed from even the genial irony of Ellen Glasgow , who was the only important novelist before him to challenge the conventional picture of planter society .
They have an ancestry extending back , however , at least to 1728 , when William Byrd described the Lubberlanders he encountered in the back country of Virginia and North Carolina .
The chief literary antecedents of the Snopes clan appeared in the realistic , humorous writing which originated in the South and the Southwest in the three decades before the Civil War .
There is evidence to suggest , in fact , that many authors of the humorous sketches were prompted to write them -- or to make them as indelicate as they are -- by way of protesting against the artificial refinements which had come to dominate the polite letters of the South .
Simms admired the raucous tales emanating from the backwoods , but he had himself social affiliations which would not allow him to approve them fully .
Others who wrote of low characters and low life included Thomas Bangs Thorpe , creator of the Big Bear Of Arkansas and Tom Owen , the Bee-Hunter ; ;
Johnson Jones Hooper , whose character Simon Suggs bears a close kinship to Flem Snopes in both his willingness to take cruel advantage of all and sundry and the sharpness with which he habitually carried out his will ; ;
and George Washington Harris , whose Tennessee hillbilly character Sut Lovingood perpetrated more unmalicious mischief and more unintended pain than any other character in literature .
It would be profitable , I believe , to read these realistic humorists alongside Faulkner's works , the thought being not that he necessarily read them and owed anything to them directly , but rather that they dealt a hundred years ago with a class of people and a type of life which have continued down to our time , to Faulkner's time .
One of the early humorists already mentioned , Thomas Bangs Thorpe , can be used to illustrate another point where Faulkner touches authentic Southern materials and also earlier literary treatment of those materials .
But Thorpe saw also the hardships of pioneer existence , the cultural poverty of the frontier settlements , and the slack morality which abounded in the new regions .
As a consequence of the tensions thus produced in his thoughts and feelings , he wrote on the one hand sketches of idealized hunting trips and on the other an anecdote of the village of Hardscrabble , Arkansas , where no one had ever seen a piano ; ;
and he wrote also the masterpiece of frontier humor , `` The Big Bear Of Arkansas '' , in which earthy realism is placed alongside the exaggeration of the backwoods tall-tale and the awe with which man contemplates the grandeur and the mysteries of nature .
As a Humanist , Dr. Huxley interests himself in the possibilities of human development , and one thing we can say about this suggestion , which comes from a leading zoologist , is that , so far as he is concerned , the scientific outlook places no rigid limitation upon the idea of future human evolution .
Even if people do , in a not far distant future , begin to read one another's minds , there will still be the question of whether what you find in another man's mind is especially worth reading -- worth more , that is , than what you can read in good books .
such capacities are impressive evidence pointing to a conception of the human being which does not appear in the accounts of biologists and organic evolutionists ; ;
All we want from Dr. Huxley's statement is the feeling that this is an open world , in the view of the best scientific opinion , with practically no directional commitments as to what may happen next , and no important confinements with respect to what may be possible .
He is a parent with a child to nurture , here and now , and he is an educator who worries about the children half way round the world .
He is a Craig's wife who agonizes about tobacco ash on the living room rug and he is a forgetful genius who goes boating with the town baker when dignitaries from the local university have come to call .
He is the stern guardian of the status quo who has raised the utilitarian structures of the age , and he is the revolutionary poet with a gun in his hand who writes a tragic apologetic to posterity for the men he has killed .
What will be the final symmetry of the good society ? ?
For what do the utopians labor ? ?
The pamphlets are about law , the corporation , forms of government , the idea of freedom , the defense of liberty , the various lethargies which overtake our major institutions , the gap between traditional social ideals and the working mechanisms that have been set in motion for their realization .
The thing that is notable in all these discussions is the lack of ideological ardor .
Actually , you could wish for some passion , now and then , but when you look around the world and see the little volcanos of current history which partisan social passions have wrought , you are glad that in these pamphlets there is at least some civilized calm .
There is essential pleasantness in reading the writing of men who are not angry , who can contend without quarreling .
Mr. Lyford gives voice to a temper that represents , we think , an achieved plateau of reflective thinking .
At one time it seemed as if the Soviet Union had done us a favor by providing a striking example of how not to behave towards other peoples and other nations .
As things turned out , however , we have not profited greatly from the lesson : instead of persistently following a national program of our own we have often been satisfied to be against whatever Soviet policy seemed to be at the moment .
Such activity may or may not have irritated the Kremlin , but it has frequently condemned America to an unnatural defensiveness that has undermined our effort to give leadership to the free world .
The defensiveness has been exaggerated by another bad habit , our tendency to rate the `` goodness '' or `` badness '' of other nations by the extent to which they applaud the slogans we circulate about ourselves .
Since the slogans have little application to reality and are sanctimonious to boot , the applause is faint even in areas of the world where we should expect to find the greatest affection for free government .
Those who are insecure fear to be candid in self-examination .
The picture is the more treacherous when it misrepresents the facts of American life .
The discrepancy between what we commonly profess and what we practice or tolerate is great , and it does not escape the notice of others .
What is more , the legends have become so sacrosanct that the very habit of self-examination or self-criticism smells of low treason , and men who practice it are defeatists and unpatriotic scoundrels .
Although we continue to pay our conversational devotions to `` free private enterprise '' , `` individual initiative '' , `` the democratic way '' , `` government of the people '' , `` competition of the marketplace '' , etc. , we live rather comfortably in a society in which economic competition is diminishing in large areas , bureaucracy is corroding representative government , technology is weakening the citizen's confidence in his own power to make decisions , and the threat of war is driving him economically and physically into the ground '' .
The interesting thing about Mr. Lyford's approach , and the approach of the contributors to The Agreeable Autocracies ( Oceana Publications , 1961 ) to the situation of American civilization , is that it is concerned with comprehending the psychological relationships which are having a decisive effect on American life .
The problem is rather to find out what is actually happening , and this is especially difficult for the reason that `` we are busily being defended from a knowledge of the present , sometimes by the very agencies -- our educational system , our mass media , our statesmen -- on which we have had to rely most heavily for understanding of ourselves '' .
We feel uncomfortable at being bossed by a corporation or a union or a television set , but until we have some knowledge about these phenomena and what they are doing to us , we can hardly learn to control them .
The Agreeable Autocracies is an attempt to explore some of the institutions which both reflect and determine the character of the free society today .
The men who speculate on these institutions have , for the most part , come to at least one common conclusion : that many of the great enterprises and associations around which our democracy is formed are in themselves autocratic in nature , and possessed of power which can be used to frustrate the citizen who is trying to assert his individuality in the modern world '' .
These institutions which Mr. Lyford names `` agreeable autocracies '' -- where did they come from ? ?
Of one thing we can be sure : they were not sketched out by the revolutionary theorists of the eighteenth century who formulated the political principles and originally shaped the political institutions of what we term the `` free society '' .
No doubt there are historians who can explain to a great extent what happened to the plans and projects of the eighteenth century .
Going back over this ground and analyzing the composition of forces which have created the present scene is one of the tasks undertaken by the Center for the Study of Democratic Institutions , in Santa Barbara .
But however we come , finally , to explain and account for the present , the truth we are trying to expose , right now , is that the makers of constitutions and the designers of institutions find it difficult if not impossible to anticipate the behavior of the host of all their enterprises .
How would Thomas Jefferson feel after reading Factories In The Field ? ?
Thus the member of an industrial union comes to regard his officers as business agents who may proceed without interference or recall ; ;
Given the conceptual context within which ancient thought thrived , how could anyone have questioned this principle ? ?
Not only did constellations like Draco , Cepheus , and Cassiopeia spin circles around the pole , but stars which were not circumpolar rose and set at the same place on the horizon each night .
Why , for example , should the ancients have supposed the diurnal rotation of the heavens to be elliptical ? ?
By distinguishing superlunary ( celestial ) and sublunary ( terrestrial ) existence , and reinforcing this with the four-element physics of Empedocles , Aristotle came to speak of the stars as perfect bodies , which moved in only a perfect way , viz. in a perfect circle .
Now what is perfect motion ? ?
Because motion which begins and ends at discrete places would ( e.g. for Aristotle ) be incomplete .
Only imcomplete , imperfect things move towards what they lack .
Perfect , complete entities , if they move at all , do not move towards what they lack .
They move only in accordance with what is in their natures .
To return now to the four-element physics , a mixture of muddy , frothy water will , when standing in a jar , separate out with earth at the bottom , water on top , and the air on top of that .
When combined with the metaphysical notion that pure forms of this universe are best appreciated when least embodied in a material substratum , it becomes clear that while earth will be dross on a scale of material-formal ratios , celestial bodies will be of a subtle , quickened , ethereal existence , in whose embodiment pure form will be the dominant component and matter will be absent or remain subsidiary .
The stars constitute an order of existence different from what we encounter on earth .
This is clear when one distinguishes the types of motion appropriate to both regions .
Being less encumbered by material embodiments they partake more of what is divine .
Ptolemy's problem is to forecast where , against the inverted bowl of night , some particular light will be found at future times .
This is what necessitates the nonsystematic character of his astronomy .
So when textbooks , like that of Baker set out drawings of the ' Ptolemaic System ' , complete with earth in the center and the seven heavenly bodies epicyclically arranged on their several deferents , we have nothing but a misleading 20th-century idea of what never existed historically .
Another contrast stressed when discussing Ptolemaic vs. Copernican astronomy , turns on the idea of simplicity .
This is more ambitious than Ptolemy is ever required to be when he faces his isolated problems .
Analogously , anyone who argues that Einstein's theory of gravitation is simpler than Newton's , must say rather more to explain how it is that the latter is mastered by student-physicists , while the former can be managed ( with difficulty ) only by accomplished experts .
In a sense , Einstein's theory is simpler than Newton's , and there is a corresponding sense in which Copernicus' theory is simpler than Ptolemy's .
In what does the dissatisfaction of Copernicus-the-astronomer consist ? ?
What in The Almagest draws his fire ? ?
The formal displacement of the geocentric principle far from being Copernicus' primary concern , was introduced only to resolve what seemed to him intolerable in orthodox astronomy , namely , the ' unphysical ' triplication of centric reference-points : one center from which the planet's distances were calculated , another around which planetary velocities were computed , and still a third center ( the earth ) from which the observations originated .
One is so accustomed to think of men as the privileged who need but ask and receive , and women as submissive and yielding , that our sympathies are usually enlisted on the side of the man whose love is not returned , and we condemn the woman as a coquette .
usually , this is most exasperating to men , who expect every woman to verify their preconceived notions concerning her sex , and when she does not , immediately condemn her as eccentric and unwomanly .
Women themselves have come to look upon matters in the same light as the outside world , and scarcely find any wrong in submitting to the importunities of a stronger will , even when their affections are withheld .
She was exposing herself to temptation which it is best to avoid where it can consistently be done .
One who invites such trials of character is either foolhardy , overconfident or too simple and childlike in faith in mankind to see the danger .
And she wrote the libretto for an oratorio on the subject of Judas Maccabeus performed at the Hanukkah festival which came in December .
In the following year her father undertook to give a course in Hebrew theology to Johns Hopkins students , and this brought to the Szold house a group of bright young Jews who had come to Baltimore to study , and who enjoyed being fed and mothered by Mamma and entertained by Henrietta and Rachel , who played and sang for them in the upstairs sitting room on Sunday evenings .
Joseph Jastrow , the younger son of the distinguished rabbi , Marcus Jastrow , was a friendly , round-faced fellow with a little mustache , whose field was psychology , and who was also a punster and a jolly tease .
Both these youths , who greatly admired Henrietta , were somewhat younger than she , as were also the neighboring Friedenwald boys , who were then studying medicine ; ;
and bright though they all were , they could not possibly compete for her interest with Papa , whose mind -- although he never tried to dazzle or patronize lesser lights with it -- naturally eclipsed theirs and made them seem to her even younger than they were .
so Cyrus Adler became interested in her friend Racie Friedenwald , and Joe Jastrow -- the only young man who when he wrote had the temerity to address her as Henrietta , and signed himself Joe -- fell in love with pretty sister Rachel .
Henrietta , however , was at that time engaged in a lengthy correspondence with Joe's older and more serious brother , Morris , who was just about her own age and whom she had got to know well during trips to Philadelphia with Papa , when he substituted for Rabbi Jastrow at Rodeph Shalom Temple there during its Rabbi's absence in Europe .
Young Morris , who , while attending the University of Pennsylvania , also taught and edited a paper , found time to write Henrietta twenty-page letters on everything that engaged his interest , from the acting of Sarah Bernhardt in Philadelphia to his reactions to the comments of `` Sulamith '' on the Jewish reform movement being promulgated by the Hebrew Union College in Cincinnati .
And when he complained of the lack of time for all he wanted to do , Henrietta advised him to rise at five in the morning as she and Papa did .
One thing Papa had not taught Henrietta was how to handle a young man as high-spirited and opinionated as herself .
She could not resist the opportunity `` of showing her superiority in argument over a man '' which she had remarked as one of the `` feminine follies '' of Sara Sullam ; ;
and in her forthright way , Henrietta , who in her story of Sara had indicated her own unwillingness `` to think of men as the privileged '' and `` women as submissive and yielding '' , felt obliged to defend vigorously any statement of hers to which Morris Jastrow took the slightest exception -- he objected to her stand on the Corbin affair , as well as on the radical reforms of Dr. Wise of Hebrew Union College -- until once , in sheer desperation , he wrote that he had given up hope they would ever agree on anything .
and , `` I do think that families are the most beautiful things in all the world '' , burst out Jo some five hundred pages later in that popular story of the March family , which had first appeared when Henrietta was eight ; ;
and `` Marmee '' March , like Sophie Szold , was the competent manager of her brood of girls , of whom the Marches had only four to the Szolds' five .
Neither was Henrietta hoydenish like Jo , who frankly wished she were a boy and had deliberately shortened her name , which , like Henrietta's , was the feminine form of a boy's name .
Bertha Szold was more like Meg , the eldest March girl , who `` learned that a woman's happiest kingdom is home , her highest honor the art of ruling it , not as a queen , but a wise wife and mother '' .
When her right hand was incapacitated by the rheumatism , Sadie learned to write with her left hand .
A Comedy In Three Acts '' , in which , under `` Personages '' , Henrietta appeared as `` A Schoolmarm '' , and Bertha , who was only a trifle less brilliant in high school than Henrietta had been , appeared as `` Dummkopf '' .
and she recited `` Hector's Farewell To Andromache '' most movingly , to the special delight of Rabbi Jastrow at his home in Germantown near Philadelphia , where the Szold girls took turns visiting between the visits of the Jastrow boys at the Szolds' in Baltimore .
and , as in the March home , any young man who called on the Szolds found himself confronted with a phalanx of femininity which made it rather difficult to direct his particular attention to any one of them .
This included Mamma , jolly , generous , and pretty , with whom they all fell in love , just as Papa had first fallen in love with her Mamma before he chose her ; ;
and when a young man like Morris Jastrow had enjoyed the Szold hospitality , he felt obliged to send his respects and his gifts not merely to Henrietta , in whom he was really interested , but to all the Szold girls and Mamma .
And just as `` Laurie '' Lawrence was first attracted to bright Jo March , who found him immature by her high standards , and then had to content himself with her younger sister Amy , so Joe Jastrow , who had also been writing Henrietta before he came to Johns Hopkins , had to content himself with her younger sister , pretty Rachel .
And like Jo March , who saw her sisters Meg and Amy involved in `` lovering '' before herself , Henrietta saw her sisters Rachel and Sadie drawn outside their family circle by the attraction of suitors , Rachel by Joe Jastrow , and Sadie by Max Lobl , a young businessman who would write her romantic descriptions of his trips by steamboat down the Mississippi .
but the years that immediately followed were to be extraordinarily trying , both for Wright and his Montenegrin lady .
It must be granted that the flouting of convention , no matter how well intentioned one may be , is sure to lead to trouble , or at least to the discomfort that goes with social disapproval .
Even so , many of the things that happened to Wright and Olgivanna seem inordinately severe .
Their afflictions centered on one maddening difficulty : Miriam held up the divorce proceedings that she herself had asked for .
Yet somehow , when officers were prodded into visiting Taliesin to execute the warrants , they would find neither Wright nor Olgivanna at home .
This showed that common sense had not died out at the county and village level -- though why the unhappy and obviously unbalanced woman was not restrained remains a puzzle .
The misery of Miriam's bitterness can be felt today by anyone who studies the case -- it was hopeless , agonizing , and destructive , with Miriam herself bearing the heaviest burden of shame and pain .
To get an idea of the embarrassment and chagrin that was heaped upon Wright and Olgivanna , we should bear in mind that the raids were sometimes led by Miriam in person .
At this time Miriam Noel appeared , urging on Constable Henry Pengally , whose name showed him to be a descendant of the Welsh settlers in the neighborhood .
He said that Mr. Wright was not in , and so could not be arrested on something called a peace warrant that Miriam was waving in the air .
When I take over Taliesin , the first thing I'll do is fire you '' .
In the silence that followed , Miriam walked close to Mrs. Cupply , who drew back a step on her side of the gate .
she also went to Washington and appealed to Senator George William Norris of Nebraska , the Fighting Liberal , from whose office a sympathetic but cautious harrumphing was heard .
Miriam had not yet goaded him into mentioning her directly , but one can feel the generalized anger in Wright's remarks to reporters when he was asked , one morning on arrival in Chicago , what he thought of the city as a whole .
First , Wright said , he was choked by the smoke , which fortunately kept him from seeing the dreadful town .
Little enough joy was afforded Wright in the spring of 1925 , when another destructive fire broke out at Taliesin .
A storm did take place that night , and fortunately enough , it included a cloudburst that helped put out the flames .
Wright set his loss at $200,000 , a figure perhaps justified by the unique character of the house that had been ruined , and the faultless taste that had gone into the selection of the prints and other things that were destroyed .
In spite of the disaster , Wright completed during this period plans for the Lake Tahoe resort , in which he suggested the shapes of American Indian tepees -- a project of great and appropriate charm , that came to nothing .
how can he be financed so that he can find the work he ought to do ? ?
Years were to pass before these plans came off the paper , and Wright was justified in thinking , as the projects failed , that much of what he had to show his country and the world would never be seen except by visitors to Taliesin .
Billy Koch , who had once worked for Wright as a chauffeur , gave a deposition for Miriam's use that he had seen Olgivanna living at Taliesin .
His reply was , `` Everything that has been printed derogatory to you , purporting to have come from me , was a betrayal , and nothing yet has been printed which I have sanctioned '' .
What irritated Miriam was that Wright had told the papers about a reasonable offer he had made , which he considered she would accept `` when she tires of publicity '' .
Then Miriam varied the senseless psychological warfare by suddenly withdrawing a suit for separate maintenance that had been pending , and asking for divorce on the grounds of cruelty , with the understanding that Wright would not contest it .
If Mrs. Wright doesn't accept the terms in the morning , I'll go either to Tokyo or to Holland , to do what I can .
I realize , in taking this stand , just what it means to me and mine '' .
No matter what troubles might betide him , this most American of artists knew in his heart he could not function properly outside his native land .
More likely , you simply told yourself , as you handed us the book , that it mattered little what we incanted providing we underwent the discipline of incantation .
But what you could not know , of course , was how smoothly the Victorian Fitzgerald was to lead into an American Fitzgerald of my own vintage under whose banner we adolescents were to come , if not of age , then into a bright , taut semblance of it .
Although his tender nights were not the ones I dreamed of , nor was it for yachts , sports cars , tall drinks , and swimming pools , nor yet for money or what money buys that I burned , I too was burning and watching myself burn .
It was symbolized ( at least for those of us who recognized ourselves in the image ) by that self-consuming , elegiac candle of Edna St. Vincent Millay's , that candle which from the quatrain where she ensconced it became a beacon to us , but which in point of fact would have had to be as tall as a funeral taper to last even the evening , let alone the night .
Only what else was she singing but the old Song of Songs , that most ancient of tunes that nature plays with such unfailing response upon young nerves ? ?
Perhaps the mere fact that by plucking on the nerves nature can awaken in the most ordinary of us , temporarily anyway , the sleeping poet , and in poets can discover their immortality , is the most remarkable of all the remarkable phenomena to which we can attest ? ?
In any case , Miss Millay's sweet-throated bitterness , her variations on the theme that the world was not only well lost for love but even well lost for lost love , her constant and wonderfully tragic posture , so unlike that of Fitzgerald since it required no scenery or props , drew from the me that I was when I fell upon her verses an overwhelming yea .
and according to them , whatever one fancies one feels , what one feels in fact is the opposite .
) , I have never wanted to know what you knew of passion .
You probably would not remember , since you never seemed to remember even the same moments as I , much less their intensity , one sunny midday on Fifth Avenue when you had set out with me for some final shopping less than a week before the wedding you staged for me with such reluctance at the Farm .
We had stopped before a shop window to assess its autumnal display , when you suddenly turned to me , looking up from beneath one of your wrong hats , and with your nervous `` ahem '' ! !
Said : `` There are things I must tell you about this man you are marrying which he does not know himself '' .
If you had screamed right there in the street where we stood , I could not have felt more fear .
I fled , however , not from what might have been the natural fear of being unable to disguise from you that the things about my bridegroom -- in the sense you meant the word `` things '' -- which you had been galvanizing yourself to tell me as a painful part of your maternal duty were things which I had already insisted upon finding out for myself ( despite , I may now say , the unspeakable awkwardness of making the discovery on principle , yes , on principle , and in cold blood ) because I was resolved , as a modern woman , not to be a mollycoddle waiting for Life but to seize Life by the throat .
What I fled from was my fear of what , unwittingly , you might betray , without meaning to , about my father and yourself .
But I can see from this latest trick of memory how much more arbitrary and influential it is than the will .
While my memory holds with relentless tenacity , as I cannot too often stress , to my wrongs , when it comes to my shames , it gestures and jokes and toys with chronology like a prestidigitator in the hope of distracting me from them .
But the time came when I was no longer innocent and therefore no longer helpless .
Although it is constantly made to look foolish ( too simple to come in out of the rain , people say , who have found in the innocent an impediment ) , it does not mind looking foolish because it is not concerned with how it looks .
It assumes that things are as they seem when they seem best , and when they seem worst it overlooks them .
To innocence , a word given is a word that will be kept .
But when these expectations are once too often ground into the dust , innocence can falter , since its strength is according to the strength of him who possesses it .
The innocence of which I speak is , I know , not incorruptible .
But I insist upon believing that even when it is lost , it may , like paradise , be regained .
However , it was not of innocence in general that I was speaking , but of perhaps the frailest and surely the least important side of it which is innocence in romantic love .
To you , for instance , the word innocence , in this connotation , probably retained its Biblical , or should I say technical sense , and therefore I suppose I must make myself quite clear by saying that I lost -- or rather handed over -- what you would have considered to be my innocence two weeks before I was legally entitled , and in fact by oath required , to hand it over along with what other goods and bads I had .
I had long since begun to lose my general innocence when I lost my trust in you , but this special innocence I lost before ever I loved , through my discovery that one could tremble with desire and even experience a flaming delight that had nothing , nothing whatever to do with friendship or liking , let alone with love .
Yours , but not mine , was an age in which innocence was fostered and carefully -- if not perhaps altogether innocently -- preserved .
You had grown up at a time when the most distinguishing mark of a lady was the noli me tangere writ plain across her face .
Moreover , because of the particular blot on your family escutcheon through what may only have been one unbridled moment on your grandmother's part , and because you had the lean-to kitchen and trundle bed of your childhood to outgrow , what you obviously most desired with both your conscious and unconscious person , what you bent your whole will , sensibility , and intelligence upon , was to be a lady .
Often these listeners would refer Sandburg to persons who had similar ballads or ditties .
Each song or ditty was prefaced by an author's note which indicated the origin and meaning of the song as well as special interest the song had , musical arrangement , and most of the chorus and verses .
Even when he is called upon for impromptu remarks , he has notes written on the back of handy envelopes .
At age seventy-four , he became what he shyly terms a `` pupil '' of Andres Segovia , the great guitarist of the Western world .
`` A portable companion always ready to go where you go -- a small friend weighing less than a freshborn infant -- to be shared with few or many -- just two of you in sweet meditation '' .
While the picture was taken , Mr. Miller's disposition to be generous to Mr. Sandburg increased to the point where he advised , ' I won't even charge you the one dollar rental fee ' '' .
When someone in the audience rose and asked how does it feel to be a celebrity , Carl said , `` A celebrity is a fellow who eats celery with celerity '' .
Lloyd Lewis wrote that when he first knew Carl in 1916 , Sandburg was making $27.50 a week writing features for the Day Book and eating sparse luncheons in one-arm restaurants .
When fame came it changed Sandburg only slightly .
Carl thought the question over slowly and answered : `` I know a starving man who is fed never remembers all the pangs of his starvation , I know that '' .
In answer to a New York Times query on what is fame ( `` Thoughts On Fame '' , October 23 , 1960 ) , Carl said : `` Fame is a figment of a pigment .
and the laughter and the happiness are even more pronounced when no company is present .
it is a dedication which began the moment she met Carl .
Mrs. Sandburg received a Phi Beta Kappa key from the University of Chicago and she was busy writing and teaching when she met Sandburg .
She designed and supervised the building of the Harbert , Michigan , house , most of which was constructed by one local carpenter who carried the heavy beams singly upon his shoulder .
When erosion threatened the foundation of their home in Harbert , Paula Sandburg planted grapevines and arranged the snow fences which helped hold the sands away .
Paula was saddened about what was happening to little girls and vowed to kneel no more in Chapel .
He `` legitimized '' Paula for Lilian Steichen , and it was Paula who insisted on Carl for Charles .
Carl , who was stationed in Appleton , Wisconsin , organizing for the Social Democrats , was in Berger's office and made it his business to escort Paula to the streetcar .
The United States is always ready to participate with the Soviet Union in serious discussion of these or any other subjects that may lead to peace with justice .
Now this concern for the freedom of other peoples is the intellectual and spiritual cement which has allied us with more than forty other nations in a common defense effort .
we will not act in any way which would jeopardize our solemn commitments to them .
These peoples , desperately hoping to lift themselves to decent levels of living must not , by our neglect , be forced to seek help from , and finally become virtual satellites of , those who proclaim their hostility to freedom .
To remain secure and prosperous themselves , wealthy nations must extend the kind of co-operation to the less fortunate members that will inspire hope , confidence , and progress .
But the enmities it will incur , the isolation into which it will descend , and the internal moral and spiritual softness that will be engendered , will , in the long term , bring it to economic and political disaster .
But , just as we drew on Europe for assistance in our earlier years , so now do these new and emerging nations that do have this faith and determination deserve help .
Here , in two nations alone , are almost five hundred million people , all working , and working hard , to raise their standards , and in doing so , to make of themselves a strong bulwark against the spread of an ideology that would destroy liberty .
Other countries , some of which I visited last month , have similar needs .
A common meeting ground is desirable for those nations which are prepared to assist in the development effort .
If we grasp this opportunity to build an age of productive partnership between the less fortunate nations and those that have already achieved a high state of economic advancement , we will make brighter the outlook for a world order based upon security and freedom .
We face , indeed , what may be a turning point in history , and we must act decisively and wisely .
No matter how earnest is our quest for guaranteed peace , we must maintain a high degree of military effectiveness at the same time we are engaged in negotiating the issue of arms reduction .
It is world-wide knowledge that any power which might be tempted today to attack the United States by surprise , even though we might sustain great losses , would itself promptly suffer a terrible destruction .
Such performance is a great tribute to American scientists and engineers , who in the past five years have had to telescope time and technology to develop these long-range ballistic missiles , where America had none before .
It is scheduled to go forward at a rate which will steadily add to our strength .
Next I refer to our program in space exploration , which is often mistakenly supposed to be an integral part of defense research and development .
Second , our military missile program , going forward so successfully , does not suffer from our present lack of very large rocket engines , which are necessary in distant space exploration .
A year ago , when I met with you , the nation was emerging from an economic downturn , even though the signs of resurgent prosperity were not then sufficiently convincing to the doubtful .
Among current problems that require solutions , participated in by citizens as well as government , are :
This conference was held despite Stavropoulos' assurance to Adolf Berle , who was leaving the same day for Puerto Rico , that nothing would be done until his return on January 22 , except that the Secretary General would probably order the list destroyed .
I had known him for some years , when I was a delegate and before , and this manner had never been his '' .
Ernest A. Gross leaned back in his chair and told Peter Marshall how Secretary General Dag Hammarskjold had , on December 4 , 1957 , called him in as a private lawyer to review Bang-Jensen's conduct `` relating to his association with the Special Committee on the problem of Hungary '' .
`` You know '' , the lawyer said , `` it's difficult to talk like this about a man who can't answer back '' .
`` Well , how could that have been ? ?
`` What did you think about his mental state '' ? ?
`` Don't forget , here was a man who had been accusing his colleagues for almost a year of willfully attempting to present an incorrect report .
`` I've been in government and I can tell some pretty hairy stories about personnel difficulties , so I know what a problem he was '' .
`` What I'd like you to comment on is the criticism leveled at your Committee '' .
`` What do you mean '' ? ?
`` Then what about the second interim public announcement ? ?
`` How about your press conference three days later -- what was the reason for that ? ?
What was the list ? ?
Bang-Jensen never explained what the documents or papers were that he had in his possession .
`` It was foolish of him to keep them , whatever they were .
Hammarskjold believes the U.N. is an organization that settles matters in a procedural way .
If Hammarskjold had not wanted the list disposed of in this manner , and if Bang-Jensen had not wanted it -- who had ordered it ? ?
`` What did you think about Bang-Jensen's contention of errors and omissions in the Hungarian report '' ? ?
`` Why , Mick Shann went over and over the report with Alsing Andersen , trying to check them out .
You see what I mean ? ?
How it's phrased there -- the word violent .
And after all this , Shann went over all that Bang-Jensen had brought up '' .
When I speak of how Shann felt , I know well .
It appeals to those who were frustrated in the outcome of the Hungarian situation .
The only rules which I think we shall follow will be those of common sense , justice , and fairness '' .
`` Everything tasted differently from what it does on land and those things I was most fond of at home , I loathed the most here '' , Ann noted .
She could not face coffee or tea without milk , and was always craving types of food that were not available aboard a sailing ship .
The crew of the Caravan never failed to amaze Ann , who during her stay in Salem must frequently have overheard strong sailorly language .
Even the first wave of homesickness had passed , although there were moments when Captain Heard pointed out on his compass the direction of Bradford that she felt a little twinge at her heart .
On Sundays , with the permission of Captain Heard , who usually attended with two of his officers , services were held in the double cabin .
When May came the Caravan had already crossed the Equator .
At this time Harriet wrote in a letter which after their finally landing in India was sent to her mother :
`` I care not how soon we reach Calcutta , and are placed in a still room , with a bowl of milk and a loaf of Indian bread .
I can hardly think of this simple fare without exclaiming , oh , what a luxury .
There was one particular word that troubled his conscience .
What would happen if Adoniram `` changed horses in midstream '' ? ?
How embarrassing it would be if the newly appointed Congregationalist missionaries should suddenly switch their own beliefs in order to embrace Baptist teachings ! !
`` If you become a Baptist , I will not '' , Ann informed her husband , but sweeping her threat aside Adoniram continued to search for an answer to the personal dilemma in which he found himself .
By early June they were a hundred miles off the coast of Ceylon , by which time all four missionaries were hardened seafarers .
Even Harriet could boldly write , `` I know not how it is ; ;
Running across the deck , which was empty now that the livestock had been killed and eaten , they sniffed the spice-laden breezes that came from the shore , each pointing out new and exciting wonders to the other .
`` On each side of the Hoogli , where we are now sailing , are the Hindoo cottages , as thick together as the houses in our seaports .
They are situated in the midst of trees , which hang over them , and appear truly romantick .
Where were the hardships she had expected ? ?
The Indians who came aboard ship to collect the mail also interested her greatly , even if she was suitably shocked , according to the customs of the society in which she had been reared , to find them `` naked , except a piece of cotton cloth wrapped around their middle '' .
Harriet's mouth watered with anticipation when after months of dreaming she sat down at last to her much-craved milk and fresh bread .
Cautiously she sampled her first pineapple and another fruit whose taste she likened to that of `` a rich pear '' .
The first act of Adoniram and Samuel on reaching Calcutta was to report at the police station , a necessity when landing in East India Company territory .
When Captain John Gibault of Salem had visited Burma in 1793 his ship , the Astra , had been promptly commandeered and taken by her captors up the Irrawaddy River .
A year later another Salem ship returned from Burma with a cargo of gum lacquer which nobody wanted to buy .
Somewhat daunted , the two American missionaries reached the police station where they were questioned by a most unfriendly clerk .
When he discovered they had received from the Company's Court of Directors no permission to live in India , coupled with the fact that they were Americans who had been sent to Asia to convert `` the heathen '' , he became more belligerent than ever .
On December 21 , the day that the Irish House of Commons petitioned for removal of Sir Constantine Phipps , their Tory Lord Chancellor , Molesworth reportedly made this remark on the defense of Phipps by Convocation : `` They that have turned the world upside down , are come hither also '' .
Steele , who had earlier praised Molesworth in Tatler No. 189 , now defended him in Englishman No. 46 , depicting his removal as a setback to the Constitution .
Swift , in the Dublin edition of A Preface to the Bishop of Sarum's Introduction , indicated his feelings by including Molesworth , along with Toland , Tindal , and Collins , in the group of those who , like Burnet , are engaged in attacking all Convocations of the clergy .
In the final issues of the Englishman , which ended just as the new session of Parliament began , he provided his enemies with still more ammunition .
At the order of the Dowager Electress , the Hanoverian agents , supported by the Whig leaders , demanded that a writ of summons be issued which would call the Duke to England to sit in Parliament , thus further insuring the Succession by establishing a Hanoverian Prince in England before the Queen's death .
Oxford , realizing that the law required the issuance of the writ , took the opposite view , for which the Queen never forgave him .
Accordingly the request was granted , but the Elector himself , who had not been consulted by his mother , rejected the proposal and recalled his agent Schutz , whose impolitic handling of the affair had caused the Hanoverian interest to suffer and had made Oxford's dismissal more likely than ever .
Steele's purpose is to present a general defense of his political writing and a resume of the themes which had occupied him in the Englishman ; ;
but there is much here also which bears directly on his personal quarrel with Swift .
His birth , education , and fortune , he says , have all been ridiculed simply because he has spoken with the freedom of an Englishman , and he assures the reader that `` whoever talks with me , is speaking to a Gentleman born '' .
As notable examples of this abuse , he quotes passages from the Examiner , `` that Destroyer of all things '' , and The Character of Richard Steele , which he here attributes to Swift .
He claims , too , that his political convictions are simply those which are called `` Revolution Principles '' and which are accepted by moderate men in both parties .
It purports to be a letter from Steele to a friend at court , who , in Miss Blanchard's opinion , could only be meant as Swift .
Steele first answers briefly the charges which his `` dear old Friend '' has made about his pamphlet on Dunkirk and his Crisis .
He explains that there are sometimes honorable courtiers , but that too often a man who succeeds at court does not hesitate to sacrifice his Sovereign and nation to his own avarice and ambition .
Such , he implies , is the case with his friend , who is not really a new convert himself but merely a favorer of new converts .
If `` Jack the Courtier '' is really to be taken as Swift , the following remark is obviously Steele's comment on Swift's change of parties and its effect on their friendship : `` I assure you , dear Jack , when I first found out such an Allay in you , as makes you of so malleable a Constitution , that you may be worked into any Form an Artificer pleases , I foresaw I should not enjoy your Favour much longer '' .
He reviews Steele's entrance into politics and finds that his present difficulties are due to his habit of attributing to his own abilities and talents achievements which more properly should be credited to the indulgence of his friends .
this was the form in which their private feud most often appeared in the Tory press , especially the Examiner .
among whom , his Party have indeed more Friends than I could wish '' .
When Harold Arlen returned to California in the winter of 1944 , it was to take up again a collaboration with Johnny Mercer , begun some years before .
His father , George A. Mercer , was descended from an honored Southern family that could trace its ancestry back to one Hugh Mercer , who had emigrated from Scotland in 1747 .
The lyricist's father was a lawyer who had branched out into real estate .
The mother inquired , `` Where's Johnny , and why did you leave him '' ? ?
Still , he did like music making and even sang in the chapel choir of the Woodberry Forest School , near Orange , Virginia , where he sounded fine but did not matriculate too well .
When he was fifteen John H. Mercer turned out his first song , a jazzy little thing he called `` Sister Susie , Strut Your Stuff '' .
It is , however , a disarming disguise , or perhaps a shield , for not only has Mercer proved himself to be one of the few great lyricists over the years , but also one who can function remarkably under pressure .
When he remembered that he might have not signed the check , Mercer made out another for the same amount , instructing the bank to destroy the other -- especially if he had happened to have absent-mindedly signed both of them .
When the family business failed , Mercer left school and on his mother's urging -- for she hoped that he would become an actor -- he joined a local little theater group .
When the troupe traveled to New York to participate in a one-act-play competition -- and won -- Mercer , instead of returning with the rest of the company in triumph , remained in New York .
`` The place had no sink or washbasin , only a bathtub '' , his mother discovered when she visited him .
Though merely clear glass , it was a distinctive trade mark for an aspiring actor who hoped to imprint himself upon the memories of producers .
Mercer is supposed to have refused it with , `` Anyone who wears a square monacle must be affected '' ! !
When he heard that Paul Whiteman was looking for singers to replace the Rhythm Boys , Mercer applied and got the job , `` not for my voice , I'm sure , but because I could write songs and material generally '' .
Mercer's Whiteman association brought him into contact with Hoagy Carmichael , whose `` Snowball '' Mercer relyriced as `` Lazybones '' , in which form it became a hit and marked the real beginning of Mercer's song-writing career .
The countrywide success of `` Lazybones '' and `` And The Angels Sing '' could only lead to Hollywood , where , besides Harold Arlen , Mercer collaborated with Harry Warren , Jimmy Van Heusen , Richard Whiting , Walter Donaldson , Jerome Kern , and Arthur Schwartz .
he collaborated on a song with William Hartman Woodin , who was Secretary of the Treasury , 1932-33 .
When Johnny Mercer and Harold Arlen began their collaboration in 1940 , Mercer , like Arlen , had several substantial film songs to his credit , among them `` Hooray For Hollywood '' , `` Ride , Tenderfoot , Ride '' , `` Have You Got Any Castles , Baby ? ?
he often uses very odd rhythms , which makes it difficult , and challenging , for the lyric writer '' .
The work had its beginning in 1938 with an eight-bar musical strain to which Koehler set the words `` There'll be no more work ; ;
The Negro composer Hall Johnson studied the American-Negro Suite and said of it , `` Of all the many songs written by white composers and employing what claims to be a Negroid idiom in both words and music , these six songs by Harold Arlen and Ted Koehler easily stand far out above the rest .
Thoroughly modern in treatment , they are at the same time , full of simple sincerity which invariably characterizes genuine Negro folk-music and are by no means to be confused with the average ' Broadway Spirituals ' which depend for their racial flavor upon sundry allusions to the ' Amen Corner ' , ' judgement Day , ' Gabriel's Horn , and a frustrated devil -- with a few random hallelujahs thrown in for good measure .
Something occurred on the morning of the children's party which may illustrate the kind of trouble our restricted toilet facilities caused us .
He was ghost writer for Babe Ruth , whose main talent for literary composition was the signing of his autograph .
He seemed timid ( at first , ) wore nose glasses from which a black ribbon dangled , and was no bigger than a jockey .
He had barely assumed his stance there when a fat fellow charged through the doorway .
May I say that you have just demonstrated the truth of an old proverb -- the younger Pliny's , if memory serves me -- which , translated freely from the archaic Latin , says , ' The more haste , the less peed ' '' .
I was in charge of the arrangements -- which were soon enough disarranged .
When , in my enthusiasm , I proposed the party , my city editor ( who disliked the club and many of its members ) tried to block my participation in the gala event .
He had a purring voice and poker player's immobility of features which somehow conveyed the feeling that he knew where all the bodies were buried .
He was the son of a Scottish father and an American Jewish mother , long widowed , with whom he lived in a comfortable home in Flushing .
It was said that the Hetman plotted to take over the entire Hearst newspaper empire one day by means of various coups : the destruction of editors who tried to halt his course , the unfrocking of publishers whose mistakes of judgment might be magnified in secret reports to Mr. Hearst .
Whatever the Hetman's ambitions , his colleagues were kept ill at ease .
Among the outstanding members of the Hearst cabinet whom he successfully opposed for a time were the great Arthur Brisbane , Bradford Merrill , S.S. Carvalho , and Colonel Van Hamm .
He supported his mother and his brother , who afterwards committed suicide .
Why ' '' ? ?
About the only time the Hetman seemed excited was when one of his own pet ideas was born .
When I returned to make my report , the Hetman did not remember having sent me on the secret mission .
The Hetman had a strong liking for a story , any story which was to be had by means of much sleuthing or by roundabout methods .
Most of my stories were obtained by simply seeking out the person who could give me the facts , and not as a rule by playing clever tricks .
`` Where to , sir '' ? ?
I managed to do this by the time the great A.B. returned to the place where he last had seen the fierce nihilist .
It seems to me now , in a long backward glance , that many of the Hetman's conceits and odd actions -- together with his grim posture when brandishing the hatchet in the name of Mr. Hearst -- were keyed with the tragedy which was to close over him one day .
One finds it difficult to pass censure on the lonely figure who waited for days for a saving word from his zealously served idol , W.R. Hearst .
That word was withheld when the need of it seemed the measure of his despair .
I remember one day when Mr. Hearst ( and I never knew why he liked me , either ) sent the Hetman a telegram : `` Please find some more reporters like that young man from Denver '' .
The colonel grunted , then made a remark which might be construed in either of two ways .
There was one time , however , when his face clouded and he suddenly blurted , `` Why did my brother commit suicide '' ? ?
A little boy came to give the President his personal condolences , and the President gave word that any little boy who wanted to see him was to be shown in .
At night , when Mama would turn back the covers , she would have to take all the dolls off the bed and place them elsewhere for the night .
Among the dolls was one that meant very much to the First Lady , who would pick it up and look at it often .
Now and then , the President would call for `` Little Jack , Master of the Hounds '' , which was his nickname for a messenger who had worked in the White House since Teddy Roosevelt's administration , and discuss the welfare of some one of the animals .
That was Rob Roy , who posed with Mrs. Coolidge for the portrait by Howard Chandler Christy .
He showed them what to do , and taught them how to keep the maids around the White House in a state of terror .
Mama didn't know what to do -- whether to tell on Rob Roy or not -- since she had the ear of Mrs. Coolidge more than the other maids .
Every day , when the President took his nap , Rob Roy would stretch out on the window seat near him , like a perfect gentleman , and stare thoughtfully out the window , or he would take a little nap himself .
When Prudence and Blackberry were too young to be trusted in the dining room , they were tied to the radiator with their leashes , and they would cry .
Every First Family seems to have one couple upon whom it relies for true friendship .
The butlers were amused because when the Stearns were there , the President would say grace at breakfast .
A new bill had been passed under Harding that designated the Government , rather than the President , as the tab-lifter for official meals .
He caused a lot of talk when he also chose the breakfast hour to have the barber come in and trim his hair while he ate .
He knew exactly how to be colorful ! !
Another good friend of the Coolidges' was George B. Harvey , who was the Ambassador to Great Britain from 1921 to 1923 .
The first royalty whom Mama ever waited on in the White House was Queen Marie of Rumania , who came to a State dinner given in her honor on October 21 , 1926 .
She was not an overnight guest in the White House , but Mr. Ike Hoover , the chief usher , had Mama check her fur coat when she came in , and take care of her needs .
Mama was very patriotic , and one of the duties she was proudest of was repairing the edges of the flag that flew above the White House .
She used to tell me , `` When I stand there and look at the flag blowing this way and that way , I have the wonderful , safe feeling that Americans are protected no matter which way the wind blows '' .
Even when Mrs. Coolidge was in mourning for her son , she reached out to help other people in trouble .
Mama had told her how Emmett's lungs had been affected when he was gassed in the war .
When Mrs. Coolidge was in mourning , she did not wear black .
Mama knew that she was out of mourning when she finally wore bright colors .
She had stood at the bottom of the stairs , as usual , when Mrs. Coolidge came down , in the same dress that is now in the Smithsonian , to greet her guests .
Impressive as this enumeration is , it barely hints at the diverse perceptions of Jews , collectively or individually , that have been attested by their Gentile environment .
Conventional images of Jews have this in common with all perceptions of a configuration in which one feature is held constant : images can be both true and false .
The genuinely interesting question , then , becomes : What factors determine the degree of realism or distortion in conventional images of Jews ? ?
The working test of `` the facts '' must always be the best available description obtainable from scholars and scientists who have applied their methods of investigation to relevant situations .
they are self-correcting in the sense that they are subject to disciplined procedures that check and recheck against error .
if so , he would not be the first or last commanding officer who has succumbed to bad information and dubious estimates of the future .
He may have entered the situation with predispositions that prepared him to act uncritically in the press of affairs .
they include harmonies and conflicts within the whole man , and mechanisms whereby inner components are more or less smoothly met .
The foregoing factors are pertinent to the analysis of perceptual images and the broad conditions under which they achieve realism or fall short of it .
Undoubtedly one merit of the vast panorama of Gentile conceptions of the Jew unfolded in the present anthology is that it provides a formidable body of material that invites critical examination in terms of reality .
What shall these effects be ? ?
The tasks are briefly indicated by these questions : What are my goals in Gentile-Jewish relations ? ?
What are the historical trends in this country and abroad in the extent to which these goals are effectively realized ? ?
What factors condition the degree of realization at various times and places ? ?
What is the probable course of future developments ? ?
What policies if adopted and applied in various circumstances will increase the likelihood that future events will coincide with desired events and do so at least cost in terms of all human values ? ?
My reply is that I associate myself with all those who affirm that Gentile-Jewish relations should contribute to the theory and practice of human dignity .
Within this frame of reference policies appropriate to claims advanced in the name of the Jews depend upon which Jewish identity is involved , as well as upon the nature of the claim , the characteristics of the claimant , the justifications proposed , and the predispositions of the community decision makers who are called upon to act .
When decision makers act within this frame they determine whether a claim put forward in the name of religion is to be accepted by the larger community as appropriate to religion .
Since the recognition of Israel as a nation state , claims are made in many cases which identify the claimant as a member of the new body politic .
In free countries many controversies involve self-styled Jews who use the symbol in asserting a vaguely `` cultural '' rather than religious or political identity .
The decision maker who acts for the community as a whole must decide whether the objectives pursued and the methods used are appropriate to public policy regarding cultural groups .
We know that much is made of the multiplicity and ambiguity of the identities that cluster around the key symbol of the Jew .
but it is perennially restructured in situations where anchors are dragged or lost .
It is not difficult to anticipate circumstances in which negative tensions will cumulate ; ;
The formal position of Americans who identify themselves with one or more of the several identities of the Jewish symbol is already clear ; ;
When we consider the disorganized state of the world community , and the legacy of predispositions adversely directed against all who are identified as Jews , it is obvious that the struggle for the minds and muscles of men needs to be prosecuted with increasing vigor and skill .
But their freedom of policy is limited by the pattern of predisposition with which they and the people around them enter the crisis .
Among measures in anticipation of crisis are plans to inject into the turmoil as assistants of key decision makers qualified persons who are cognizant of the corrosive effect of crisis upon personal relationships and are also able to raise calm and realistic voices when overburdened leaders near the limit of self-control .
We are learning how to do these things in some of the vast organized structures of modern society ; ;
A truism is that the time to prepare for the worst is when times are best .
I assume that the number of readers of this anthology who regard themselves as morally perfect is small , and that most readers are willing to consider procedures by which they may gain more insight into themselves and better understanding of others .
What we have in mind does have something in common with the goals of psychoanalysis and with the methods by which they are sought .
For what we propose , however , a psychoanalyst is not necessary , even though one aim is to enable the reader to get beneath his own defenses -- his defenses of himself to himself .
The relatively long and often colorful selections in this anthology enable the reader to become genuinely absorbed in what is said , whether he responds with anger or applause .
The symposium provides an opportunity to confront the self with specific statements which were made at particular times by identifiable communicators who were addressing definite audiences -- and throughout several hundred pages everyone is talking about the same key symbol of identification .
One , a reservation on the point I have just made , is the phenomenon of pseudo-thinking , pseudo-feeling , and pseudo-willing , which Fromm discussed in The Escape From Freedom .
There is a risk that instead of teaching a person how to be himself , reading fiction and drama may teach him how to be somebody else .
Clearly what the person brings to the reading is important .
Moreover , if the critic instructs his audience in what to see in a work , he is contributing to this pseudo-thinking ; ;
if he instructs them in how to evaluate a work , he is helping them to achieve their own identity .
In the range and variety of characters who , in their literary lives , get along all right with life styles one never imagined possible , there is an implicit lesson in differentiation .
The reader , observing this process , might ask `` why not be different '' ? ?
Still , it would be surprising if what one reads did not contribute to one's ideas of right and wrong ; ;
Probably the most important thing to focus on is not the development of conscience , which may well be almost beyond the reach of literature , but the contents of conscience , the code which is imparted to the developed or immature conscience available .
This is in large part a code of behavior and a glossary of values : what is it that people do and should do and how one should regard it .
In a small way this is illustrated by the nineteenth-century novelist who argued for the powerful influence of literature as a teacher of society and who illustrated this with the way a girl learned to meet her lover , how to behave , how to think about this new experience , how to exercise restraint .
This , no doubt , is part of what Gilbert Seldes implies when he says of the arts , `` They give form and meaning to life which might otherwise seem shapeless and without sense '' .
The terms `` renewal '' and `` refreshed '' , which often come up in aesthetic discussion , seem partly to derive their import from the `` renewal '' of purpose and a `` refreshed '' sense of significance a person may receive from poetry , drama , and fiction .
How literature does this , or for whom , is certainly not clear , but the content , form , and language of the `` message '' , as well as the source , would all play differentiated parts in giving and molding a sense of purpose .
F.S.C. Northrop , in his discussion of The `` Functions And Future Of Poetry '' , suggests this : `` One of the things which makes our lives drab and empty and which leaves us , at the end of the day , fatigued and deflated spiritually is the pressure of the taxing , practical , utilitarian concern of common-sense objects .
But there is one in particular which , it seems to me , deserves special attention .
William Wimsatt and Cleanth Brooks , it seems to me , have a penetrating insight into the way in which this control is effected : `` For if we say poetry is to talk of beauty and love ( and yet not aim at exciting erotic emotion or even an emotion of Platonic esteem ) and if it is to talk of anger and murder ( and yet not aim at arousing anger and indignation ) -- then it may be that the poetic way of dealing with these emotions will not be any kind of intensification , compounding , or magnification , or any direct assault upon the affections at all .
Something indirect , mixed , reconciling , tensional might well be the stratagem , the devious technique by which a poet indulged in all kinds of talk about love and anger and even in something like `` expressions '' of these emotions , without aiming at their incitement or even uttering anything that essentially involves their incitement '' .
There is a second feature of the influences of literature , good literature , on emotional life which may have some special value for our time .
Anyone who has watched children develop a taste for literature will understand what I mean .
In any inquiry into the way in which great literature affects the emotions , particularly with respect to the sense of harmony , or relief of tension , or sense of `` a transformed inner nature '' which may occur , a most careful exploration of the particular feature of the experience which produces the effect would be required .
In the calm which follows the reading of a poem , for example , is the effect produced by the enforced quiet , by the musical quality of words and rhythm , by the sentiments or sense of the poem , by the associations with earlier readings , if it is familiar , by the boost to the self-esteem for the semi-literate , by the diversion of attention , by the sense of security in a legitimized withdrawal , by a kind license for some variety of fantasy life regarded as forbidden , or by half-conscious ideas about the magical power of words ? ?
One of the most frequent views of the value of literature is the education of sensibility that it is thought to provide .
Both the extent to which this is true and the limits of the field of perceptual skill involved should be acknowledged .
Its truth is illustrated by the skill , sensitivity , and general expertise of the English professor with whom one attends the theatre .
I would say , too , that the study of literature tends to give a person what I shall call depth .
The late R. G. Collingwood , a philosopher whose work has proved helpful to many students of literature , once wrote `` : :
but the possibility of this effort is bound up with that development of historical thought which is the greatest achievement of our civilization in the last two centuries , and it is utterly impossible to people in whom this development has not taken place .
One might argue that the ultimate purpose of literary scholarship is to correct this spontaneous provincialism that is likely to obscure the horizons of the general public , of the newspaper critic , and of the creative artist himself .
The continuities , contrasts , and similarities discernible when past and present are surveyed together are inexhaustible and the one is often understood through the other .
When we assert the value of such study , we find ourselves committed to an important assumption .
An idea , let us say , may be roughly defined as a theme or topic with which our reflection may be concerned .
In this essay , we are , along with most historians , interested in the more general or more inclusive ideas , that are so to speak `` writ large '' in history of literature where they recur continually .
Outstanding among these is the idea of human nature itself , including the many definitions that have been advanced over the centuries ; ;
One might , indeed , argue that the history of ideas , in so far as it includes the literatures , must center on characterizations of human nature and that the great periods of literary achievement may be distinguished from one another by reference to the images of human nature that they succeed in fashioning .
An idea , of the sort that we have in mind , although of necessity readily available to imagination , is more general in connotation than most poetic or literary images , especially those appearing in lyric poems that seek to capture a moment of personal experience .
Thus Burns's `` My love is like a red , red rose '' and Hopkins' `` The thunder-purple sea-beach , plumed purple of Thunder '' although clearly intelligible in content , hardly present ideas of the sort with which we are here concerned .
Understanding a work of art involves recognition of the ideas that it reflects or embodies .
Again , he may discover embodied within its texture a theme or idea that has been presented elsewhere and at other times in various ways .
Again , Henley's attitude of defiance which colors his ideal of self-mastery is far from characteristic of a Stoic thinker like Marcus Aurelius , whose gentle acquiescence is almost Christian , comparable to the patience expressed in Milton's sonnet on his own blindness .
When these fields are surveyed together , important patterns of relationship emerge indicating a vast community of reciprocal influence , a continuity of thought and expression including many traditions , primarily literary , religious , and philosophical , but frequently including contact with the fine arts and even , to some extent , with science .
regarded from the inside , it is the carrying into action of a certain thought The historian's business is to penetrate to the inside of the actions with which he is dealing and reconstruct or rather rethink the thoughts which constituted them .
It is a characteristic of thoughts that in re-thinking them we come , ipso facto , to understand why they were thought '' .
`` History has this in common with every other science : that the historian is not allowed to claim any single piece of knowledge , except where he can justify his claim by exhibiting to himself in the first place , and secondly to any one else who is both able and willing to follow his demonstration , the grounds upon which it is based .
This is what was meant , above , by describing history as inferential .
The knowledge in virtue of which a man is an historian is a knowledge of what the evidence at his disposal proves about certain events '' .
It is obvious that the historian who seeks to recapture the ideas that have motivated human behavior throughout a given period will find the art and literature of that age one of his central and major concerns , by no means a mere supplement or adjunct of significant historical research .
The student of ideas and their place in history will always be concerned with the patterns of transition , which are at the same time patterns of transformation , whereby ideas pass from one area of activity to another .
Let us survey for a moment the development of modern thought -- turning our attention from the Reformation toward the revolutionary and romantic movements that follow and dwelling finally on more recent decades .
Finally we may note that the idea appears in educational theory where its influence is at present widespread .
These moments are historical events in the lives of individual authors with which the student of comparative literature must be frequently concerned .
Certainly one of the most important comments that can be made upon the spiritual and cultural life of any period of Western civilization during the past sixteen or seventeen centuries has to do with the way in which its leaders have read and interpreted the Bible .
This reading and the comments that it evoked constitute the influence .
A contrast of the scripture reading of , let us say , St. Augustine , John Bunyan , and Thomas Jefferson , all three of whom found in such study a real source of enlightenment , can tell us a great deal about these three men and the age that each represented and helped bring to conscious expression .
In much the same way , we recognize the importance of Shakespeare's familarity with Plutarch and Montaigne , of Shelley's study of Plato's dialogues , and of Coleridge's enthusiastic plundering of the writings of many philosophers and theologians from Plato to Schelling and William Godwin , through which so many abstract ideas were brought to the attention of English men of letters .
We may also recognize cases in which the poets have influenced the philosophers and even indirectly the scientists .
Again the student of evolutionary biology will find a fascinating , if to our minds grotesque , anticipation of the theory of chance variations and the natural elimination of the unfit in Lucretius , who in turn seems to have borrowed the concept from the philosopher Empedocles .
We must avoid the notion , suggested to some people by examples such as those just mentioned , that ideas are `` units '' in some way comparable to coins or counters that can be passed intact from one group of people to another or even , for that matter , from one individual to another .
Hearst's luck was even poorer when he had a chat with Franklin K. Lane , a prominent California journalist and reform politician , whom he asked for his support .
`` Mr. Lane '' , Hearst said , `` if you ever wish anything that I can do , all you will have to do will be to send me a telegram asking , and it will be done '' .
Hearst saw his wife and child , sent a joyful message to his mother in California , and soon returned to Washington , where on April 22 , for the first time , he opened his mouth in Congress .
This was not before the House but before the Judiciary Committee , where he asked for action on one of his pet bills , that calling for an investigation of the coal-railroad monopoly .
What I want is to have this evidence come before Congress and if the Attorney General does not report it , as I am very sure he won't , as he has refused to do anything of the kind , I then wish that a committee of seven Representatives be appointed with power to take the evidence .
This was the very sort of legislation that Roosevelt himself had in mind .
Inherently incapable of cooperating with others , he ran his own show regardless of how many party-line Democratic toes he stepped on .
He was a political maverick , a reformer with his own program , determined to bulldoze it through or to blazon the infamy of those who balked him .
For a freshman Congressman to read political Lessons to graybeard Democrats was poor policy for one who needed to make friends .
He soon quarreled with all the party leaders in the House , and came to be regarded with detestation by regular Democrats as a professional radical leading a small pack of obedient terriers whose constant snapping was demoralizing to party discipline .
Yet no leader had come to the fore who seemed likely to give the puissant T. R. a semblance of a race .
The sneers at Hearst changed to concern when it was seen that he had strong support in many parts of the country .
Just when it was needed for the campaign , Hearst Paper No. 8 , the Boston American , began publication .
`` The argument that is cutting most ice is that Hearst is the only candidate who is fighting the trusts fearlessly and who would use all the powers of government to disrupt them if he were elected .
The alternative to this is that if a conservative candidate is nominated the national committee will have to appeal to the trusts for their campaign funds , and in doing this will incur obligations which would make a Democratic victory absolutely fruitless .
It has been a long time since he has seen any campaign money , and when the proposition is laid down to him as the friends of Mr. Hearst are laying it down these days he is quite likely to get aboard the Hearst bandwagon '' .
They had lost twice with the radical Bryan , and were having no part of Hearst , whom they considered more radical than Bryan .
A lone pro-Hearst voice from New York City was that of William Devery , who had been expelled as a Tammany leader but still claimed strong influence in his own district .
Another Indiana observer later commented , `` Perhaps we shall never know how much was spent ( by Hearst ) , but if as much money was expended elsewhere as in Indiana a liberal fortune was squandered '' .
In his fight for the Illinois and Indiana delegations , Hearst made several trips to Chicago to confer with Andrew Lawrence , the former San Francisco Examiner man who was now his Chicago kingpin , and once to meet with Bryan .
On one visit he stopped at the office of the American , where he was known surreptitiously as `` the Great White Chief '' , and for the first time met his managing editor , fat Moses Koenigsberg .
Koenigsberg never did learn what Hearst wanted , for the latter shook hands and moved toward the door .
Another editor pointed despairingly at a bundle of letters that had accumulated for him , saying , `` But Mr. Hearst , what shall I do with this correspondence '' ? ?
I intend to support the nominee of the party at St. Louis , whoever he may be '' .
When Nan Patterson , a stunning and money-minded chorus girl who had appeared in a Floradora road show , rode down Broadway in a hansom cab with her married lover , Frank Young , she stopped the cab to disclose that Young had been shot dead , tearfully insisting that he had shot himself although experts said he could not have done so .
The three volumes brought to the fore a characteristic of Trevelyan's prose which remained conspicuous through his later works -- a genius for describing military action with clarity and with authority .
The outstanding example was in Garibaldi And The Thousand , where he made use of unpublished papers of Lord John Russell and English consular materials to reveal the motives which led the British government to permit Garibaldi to cross the Straits of Messina .
In looking back over the volumes , it is possible to find errors of interpretation , some of which were not so evident at the time of writing .
Thus Trevelyan repeats the story which pictured Victor Emmanuel as refusing to abandon the famous Statuto at the insistence of General Radetzky .
If it is not one of his best books , it can only be considered unsatisfactory when compared with his own Garibaldi .
Yet he is right when he claims in his autobiography that he drew the real features of the man , his tender and selfless motives and his rugged fearless strength .
In the story of Bright and the Corn Law agitation , the Crimean War , the American Civil War , and the franchise struggle Trevelyan reflects something of the moral power which enabled this independent man to exercise so immense an influence over his fellow countrymen for so long .
Because Bright's speeches were so much a part of him , there are long and numerous quotations , which , far from making the biography diffuse , help to give us the feel of the man .
It is a Whig history of the `` Tory reaction '' which preceded the Reform Bill of 1832 , and it uses the figure of Grey to give some unity to the narrative .
Some historians have found his point of view not to their taste , others have complained that he makes the Tory tradition appear `` contemptible rather than intelligible '' , while a sympathetic critic has remarked that the `` intricate interplay of social dynamics and political activity of which , at times , politicians are the ignorant marionettes is not a field for the exercise of his talents '' .
The Liberal-Radical heritage which informs all of Trevelyan's interpretations of history here seems clearly to have distorted the issues and oversimplified the period .
Britain in the nineteenth century is a textbook designed `` to give the sense of continuous growth , to show how economic led to social , and social to political change , how the political events reacted on the economic and social , and how new thoughts and new ideals accompanied or directed the whole complicated process '' .
By what one reader called a `` series of dissolving views '' , he merges one period into another and gives a sense of continuous growth .
In 1924 Trevelyan traveled to the United States , where he delivered the Lowell lectures at Harvard University .
These lectures formed the nucleus of a general survey of English development which took form afterward as A History Of England .
His nationalism was not a new characteristic , but its self-consciousness , even its self-satisfaction , is more obvious in a book that stretches over the long reach of English history .
And yet the elements which capture his liberal and humanistic imagination are those which make the English story worth telling and worth remembering .
Trevelyan was at least in part attracted to the period by an almost unconscious desire to take up the story where Macaulay's History Of England had broken off .
He saw the age as one in which Britain `` settled her free constitution '' and attained her modern place in the world .
To most observers , there is little doubt that he placed an artificial strait jacket of unity upon the years of Anne's reign which in reality existed only in the pages of his history .
His delightful picture of society and institutions is filled with warm detail that brings the period vividly to life .
He tends to underestimate -- or perhaps to view charitably -- the brutality and the violence of the age , so that there is an idyllic quality in these pages which hazes over some of its sharp reality .
As I got off the trolley at Kehl bridge the next morning , I was met by what looked like 5,000 students , some of whom were carrying sticks apparently for the coming `` battle '' with the police .
Alarmed by this display of weapons , I looked toward the bridge and there saw , stretched across the near side , a cordon of policemen , their bicycles forming a roadblock before which stood several French officers in uniform and a small waspish man in a brown derby .
Your self-control in this respect will be the only witness to your understanding of what I am saying .
I replied in the affirmative , taking out my recently acquired titre d'identite et de voyage , on which was stamped a permission to leave France .
`` But if there is no line , how can there be two countries ? ?
You have just given me permission to leave France , which I did .
`` Ah , then please tell me where the frontier is because this gentleman here '' -- I indicated the French occupation officer -- `` informs me that Germany is just on the other side of him '' .
The reporters were questioning the Interior man and the French officer , both of whom remained noncommittal as to what action , if any , would be taken in my regard .
`` But what will you do this evening , Mr. Davis '' ? ?
The day passed eventfully enough , with a constant stream of visitors , some stopping only to say hello , others getting into serious conversations , such as one Andre Fuchs , a free-lance journalist from Strasbourg who wrote an article for the Nouvelle Alsatian in highly sympathetic terms .
A volunteer food brigade had been arranged , they told me , which would supply me with the necessities as long as I remained at the bridge .
When I informed her that I didn't , she said she would borrow her brother's and bring it to me later that evening .
`` You do not know me '' , she said in good English , `` but my mother was your governess in Philadelphia when you were a child '' .
The Peter family proved wonderful and helpful friends in the following days , Mrs. Peter , little Esther , and Raoul , who generously lent me his sleeping bag for my `` Watch on the Rhine '' .
After scouring around a bit in the open area , I came across what proved to be tar-soaked logs which crackled and burned brightly , giving off vast rolls of smoke into the ashen sky .
Sure enough , mail began trickling in , delivered by a talkative , highly amused French postman who informed me there had been quite a debate at the post office as to whether that address would be recognized .
On Christmas Eve , students brought out two small Christmas trees which I placed on either side of the tent .
As the field on which my tent was pitched was a favorite natural playground for the kids of the neighborhood , I had made many friends among them , taking part in their after-school games and trying desperately to translate Grimm's Fairy Tales into an understandable French as we gathered around the fire in front of the tent .
To my great surprise and delight , when they saw the two trees they went rushing off , returning shortly with decorations from their own trees .
When Dr. Adenauer was approached by a world citizen delegation to find out his disposition of my case , he gave them his personal approval of my entry , saying that all men advocating peace should be welcomed into Germany .
No matter how large the fire , I couldn't seem to shake off the chill that day .
`` Who is it '' ? ?
She entreated me to see a doctor , and when I refused , brought one out to see me .
Esther , mistaking my hesitation , assured me that the hospital expense would be taken care of by a leading merchant in Strasbourg whom she had already approached .
At that moment , up walked a tall young man with glasses who announced himself as a world citizen from Basel , Switzerland .
`` What is your name '' ? ?
When the victory cheer went up this officer found himself still mounted , with his horse pressed broadside against Cleburne's log parapet in a tangled group of infantrymen .
He never knew how he got there .
The Fourteenth Regiment of Ohio Volunteers lost one-third of its numbers within a few minutes , among them being several men whose time of service had expired but who had volunteered to advance with their regiment .
A popular belief grew up after the war that the only time during the Civil War that Thomas ever put his horse to a gallop was when he went to hurry up Stanley for this assault .
Sherman was responsible for the story when he said in his memoirs that this was the only time he could recall seeing Thomas ride so fast .
While Thomas' injured back led him to restrain his mount from its most violent gait he moved quickly enough when he had to .
It is not in the record , but he must have galloped his horse at Peach Tree Creek when he brought up Ward's guns to save Newton's crumbling line .
Whatever the military world thought , the political world approved it wholeheartedly .
In the summary of the principal events of the campaign compiled from the official records there are only ten days which show no fighting .
Modern warfare was born in this campaign -- periscopes , camouflage , booby traps , land mines , extended order , trench raids , foxholes , armored cars , night attacks , flares , sharpshooters in trees , interlaced vines and treetops , which were the forerunners of barbed wire , trip wires to thwart a cavalry charge , which presaged the mine trap , and the general use of anesthetics .
The use of map coordinates was begun when the senior officers began to select tactical points by designating a spot as `` near the letter o in the word mountain '' .
He would ship by rail five pounds per day per animal and the other fifteen pounds that were needed could be picked up off the country .
First , it could locate the enemy infantry , learn what they were doing , and hold them until the heavy foot columns could come up and take over .
Third , it could threaten at all times , and destroy when possible , the enemy communications .
Thomas tried hard to have his cavalry ready for the test it was to meet , but his plans were wrecked when it was forced into a campaign without optimum mobility and with its commander stripped from it .
Sherman insisted that cavalry could not successfully break up hostile railways , yet Garrard's Covington raid and Rousseau's Opelika raid cut two-thirds of the rail lines he had to break and Sherman lived in mortal fear of what Forrest might do to his communications .
When McPherson pushed blindly through Snake Creek Gap in a potentially decisive movement , the only cavalry in his van was the Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry , totally inadequate for its role .
It stumbled on infantry where no infantry should have been and McPherson's aggressive impulse faded out , overwhelmed by fears of the unknown .
At such times Thomas wondered when and where a counterattack would strike him .
Heat during the Atlanta campaign , coupled with unsuitable clothing , caused individual irritation that was compounded by a lack of opportunity to bathe and shift into clean clothing .
To relieve the itch and sweat galls , the men got into the water whenever they could and since each sizable stream was generally the dividing line between the armies the pickets declared a private truce while the men went swimming .
Lieutenant Colonel James P. Brownlow , who commanded the First Brigade of Thomas' First Cavalry Division , was ordered across one of these fords .
In one of the very few letters in which he ever complained of Meynell , Thompson told Patmore of his distress at having had to leave London before this new friendship had developed further : ``
That was a very absurd and annoying situation in which I was placed by W. M.'s curious methods of handling me .
It need hardly be remarked that Thompson was not generally known for his scrupulosity about keeping his social engagements , which makes his irritation in this letter all the more significant .
When Thompson and her daughter began a correspondence which included fervent verses from Pantasaph , Mrs. King felt a proper Victorian alarm .
Some , she knew , looked upon Thompson almost as a saint , but others read in `` The Hound Of Heaven '' what they took to be the confessions of a great sinner , who , like Oscar Wilde , had -- as one pious writer later put it -- thrown himself `` on the swelling wave of every passion '' .
Consequently , on October 31 , 1896 , Mrs. King wrote to Thompson , quite against her daughter's wishes , asking him not to `` recommence a correspondence which I believe has been dropped for some weeks '' .
In any case , she told Thompson that she saw no reason why he might not see Katie again , `` now that this frank explanation has been made & no one can misunderstand '' .
She ended her letter with the assurance that she considered his friendship for her daughter and herself to be an honor , from which she could not part `` without still more pain '' .
After Thompson came to London to live , he received a letter from Katie , which was dated February 8 , 1897 .
She regretted what she described as the `` unwarrantable & unnecessary '' check to their friendship and said that she felt that they understood one another perfectly .
But if you are able & care to come , you know how glad I shall be .
Katherine Douglas King '' The invitation was accepted and other letters followed , in which she spoke of her concern for his health and her delight in seeing him so much at home among the crippled children she served .
It is difficult to say what Thompson expected would come of their relationship , which had begun so soon after his emotions had been stirred by Maggie Brien , but when Katie wrote on April 11 , 1900 , to tell him that she was to be married to the Rev. Godfrey Burr , the vicar of Rushall in Staffordshire , the news evidently helped to deepen his discouragement over the failure of his hopes for a new volume of verse .
In a letter to Meynell , which was written in June , less than a month before Katie's wedding , he was highly melodramatic in his despair and once again announced his intention of returning to the life of the streets : ``
Last , not least , there are some poems which K. King sent me ( addressed to herself ) when I was preparing a fresh volume , asking me to include them .
I never had the courage to look at them , when my projected volume became hopeless , fearing they were poor , until now when I was obliged to do so .
O my genius , young and ripening , you would swear , -- when I wrote them ; ;
What has it all come to ? ?
and launch them on the world when their time comes .
since my silence must have ended when I gave the purposed volume to you .
I ask you to do me the last favour of reading them by 8 to-morrow evening , about which time I shall come to say my sad good-bye .
but this -- yes , terrible step I am about to take is lightened with an inundating joy by the new-found hope that here , in these poems , is treasure -- or at least some measure of beauty , which I did not know of '' .
Meynell once again paid his debts and it was Katie , rather than Thompson , whose life was soon ended , for she died in childbirth in April , 1901 , in the first year of her marriage .
The `` orphaned poems '' mentioned in the letter to Meynell comprised a group of five sonnets , which were published in the 1913 edition of Thompson's works under the heading `` Ad Amicam '' , plus certain other completed pieces and rough drafts gathered together in one of the familiar exercise books .
The publication of Father Connolly's The Man Has Wings has made more of the group available in print so that a general picture of what it contained can now be had without difficulty .
others suggest its coming loss or describe the poet's feelings when he learns of a final separation .
The somewhat Petrarchan love story which these poems suggest cannot obscure the fact that undoubtedly they have more than a little of autobiographical sincerity .
When they were first written , there was evidently no thought of their being published , and those which refer to the writer's love for Mrs. Meynell particularly have the ring of truth .
In `` My Song's Young Virgin Date '' , for example , Thompson wrote : `` Yea , she that had my song's young virgin date Not now , alas , that noble singular she , I nobler hold , though marred from her once state , Than others in their best integrity .
My own stern hand has rent the ancient bond , And thereof shall the ending not have end : But not for me , that loved her , to be fond Lightly to please me with a newer friend Then hold it more than bravest-feathered song , That I affirm to thee , with heart of pride , I knew not what did to a friend belong Till I stood up , true friend , by thy true side ; ;
Whose absence dearer comfort is , by far , Than presences of other women are '' ! !
Taking into account Thompson's capacity for self-dramatization and the possibility of a wish to identify his own life with the misfortunes of other poets who had known unhappy loves , there can be no doubt about his genuine emotion for Katie King .
That she was affected by his protestations seems obvious , but since she was evidently a sensible young woman -- as well as an outgoing and sympathetic type -- it would seem that for her the word friendship had a far less intense emotional significance than that which Thompson gave it .
The poems which were addressed to her , while they are far more restrained than those of `` Love In Dian's Lap '' , show no great technical advance over those of the `` Narrow Vessel '' group and are , if anything , somewhat more labored .
Their interest remains chiefly biographical , for they throw some light on the utter despair which overtook Thompson in the spring and early summer of 1900 .
There is every reason to recognize that in the very last years of his life , as we shall see , Thompson did take the drug in carefully rationed doses to ease the pains of his illness , but the exact date at which this began has never been determined .
If , as Reid says , `` nearly all his poetry was produced when he was not taking opium '' , there may be some reason to doubt that he was under its influence in the period from 1896 to 1900 when he was writing the poems to Katie King and making plans for another book of verse .
That he read some of the books assigned to him with a studied carefulness is evident from his notes , which are often so full that they provide an unquestionable basis for the identification of reviews that were printed without his signature .
He was seldom an unmethodical critic , and his reviews generally followed a systematic pattern : a description of what the work contained , a treatment of the things that had especially interested him in it , and , wherever possible , a balancing of whatever artistic merits and faults he might have found .
But he admired Housman's `` subtle intellectuality '' and delighted in the inversion by which Divine Love becomes the most `` fatal '' allurement in `` Love The Tempter '' .
Of course , there were books about which nothing good could be said .
Understanding , as he did , the difficulty of the art of poetry , and believing that the `` only technical criticism worth having in poetry is that of poets '' , he felt obliged to insist upon his duty to be hard to please when it came to the review of a book of verse .
To consolidate what her Navy had won , the Czarina was fortunate that , for the first time in Russian history , her land forces enjoyed absolute unity of command under her favorite Giaour .
Repnin , who had a rather narrow face , longish nose , high forehead , and arching brows , looked like a quizzical Mephistopheles .
There was the Neapolitan , Ribas , a capable conniver whose father had been a blacksmith but who had fawned his way up the ladder of Catherine's and Potemkin's favor till he was now a brigadier ( and would one day be the daggerman designated to do in Czar Paul 1 , , after traveling all the way to Naples to procure just the right stiletto ) .
Out of Saxony rode the Prince of Anhalt-Bernburg , one of the Czarina's cousins and a lieutenant general in her armies , a frank , sensitive , popular soldier whose kindnesses Littlepage would `` always recall with the sincerest gratitude '' .
the energetic Parisian , Roger De Damas , three year's Littlepage's junior , to whom Nassau had taken a liking ; ;
and the artillerist , Colonel Prevost , whom the Count De Segur had persuaded to lend his technical skills to Nassau .
England contributed a young subaltern named Newton and the naval architect Samuel Bentham , brother to the economist , who for his colonel's commission was proving a godsend to the Russian fleet .
Having done so , he began to experience all the frustrations of others who attempted to get along with Serenissimus and do a job at the same time .
Lewis could let his eye caress The Prince's divan , covered with a rose-pink and silver Turkish cloth , or admire the lovely tapis , interwoven with gold , that spread across the floor .
For if Serenissimus made the sign of the Cross with his right hand , and meant it , with his left he beckoned lewdly to any lady who happened to catch his eye .
When a lady chanced to soil a pair of evening slippers , Brigadier Bauer was dispatched to Paris for replacements .
When this happened , everything stopped .
There's a man who never goes by the ordinary road but still arrives at his goal , who gratuitously gets himself into difficulty in order to get out of it with eclat , in a word a man who creates monsters for himself in order to appear a Hercules in destroying them '' .
To help him do so The Prince had conferred control of his land forces on a soldier who was different from him in almost every respect save one : both were eccentrics of the purest ray serene .
Alexander Vasilievitch Suvorov , now in his fifty-ninth year ( ten years Potemkin's senior ) , was a thin , worn-faced person of less than medium height who looked like a professor of botany .
Kind by nature , he never refused charity to a beggar or help to anyone who asked him for it ( as Lewis would one day discover ) .
When Littlepage was introduced , if the General behaved as usual , the newcomer faced a staccato salvo of queries : origin ? ?
Yet General Suvorov -- who had never forgotten hearing his adored Czarina declare that all truly great men had oddities -- was mad only north , northwest .
To Serenissimus such tribes as the Cossacks of the Don or those ex-bandits the Zaporogian Cossacks ( in whose islands along the lower Dnieper the Polish novelist Sienkiewicz would one day place With Fire And Sword ) were just elements for enforced resettlement in , say , Bessarabia , where , as `` the faithful of the Black Sea borders '' , he could use their presence as bargaining points in the Czarina's territorial claims against Turkey .
He knew how to channel their exuberant disorderliness so as to transform them from mere plunderers into A-1 guerrilla fighters .
He often donned their tribal costumes , such as the one featuring a tall , black sheepskin hat from the top of which dangled a little red bag ornamented by a chain of worsted lace and tassels ; ;
When their levies came shambling into camp , they were all elbows , hair , and beard .
They emerged as interchangeable cogs in a faulty but formidable machine : shaved nearly naked , hair queued , greatcoated , jackbooted , and best of all -- in the opinion of the British professional , Major Semple-Lisle -- `` their minds are not estranged from the paths of obedience by those smatterings of knowledge which only serve to lead to insubordination and mutiny '' .
We went out of the office and down the hall to a window where documents and more officials awaited us , the rest of the office personnel hot upon our heels .
One fellow who had liver spots held out his hands to the great healer .
After luncheon we took advantage of the siesta period to try to get in touch with a few people to whom our dear friend Deppy had written .
Deppy is Despina Messinesi , a long-time member of the Vogue staff who , although born in Boston , was born there of Greek parents .
We stopped first at the amphitheater that lies at the foot of the height crowned by the Parthenon .
In 1687 the Turks , who had been in control of the city since the fifteenth century , with a truly shattering lack of prudence used the Parthenon as a powder magazine .
My other nugget of art and architectural knowledge -- besides remembering that it was Ghiberti who designed the doors of the baptistery in Florence -- is the three styles of Greek columns .
Another classic sight that gave us considerable pleasure was the Evzone sentry , in his ballet skirt with great pompons on his shoes , who was patrolling up and down in front of the palace .
The evening of our first day we drove with Christopher and Judy Sakellariadis , who were friends and patients of Norton , to dine at a restaurant on the shores of the Aegean .
On the way out Mr. Sakellariadis detoured up a special hill from which one may obtain a matchless view of the Acropolis lighted by night .
The great spectacle was a source of rancor , and Son et Lumiere , which the French were trying to promote with the Athenians , was the reason .
By a combination of music , lighting effects , and narration , famous events that have transpired in these locations are evoked and re-created for large audiences usually to considerable acclaim .
The Acropolis had been scheduled for the treatment too , but apparently it was to take place at the time of the full moon when the Athenians themselves , out of respect for the natural beauty of the occasion , were wont to forgo their own usual nocturnal illumination .
The Artists contended that the Philistines , gross of soul , were all for having Son et Lumiere , since the French were footing the bill and the attraction , wherever it had been done , had proven popular .
The restaurant to which the Sakellariadises took us on this night of controversy was the Asteria , on Asteria beach .
Office workers frequently go out there to lunch and swim during the siesta period , which , during the summer , lasts from two until five in the afternoon , when shops and offices are again open for business .
Nine o'clock is the rush hour , when the busses are jammed , and by nine-thirty the restaurants are beginning to fill .
I suppose the day will inevitably come when the area will be encrusted with developments , but at present it is deserted and seductive .
There is a mediocre restaurant at Sounion and I fed a thin little Grecian cat and gave it two saucers of water -- there was no milk -- which it lapped up as though it were nectar .
How can a cat be thin in a fish restaurant ? ?
When offered a morsel it glanced right and left and winced , obviously frightened and expecting a kick , but too hungry not to snatch the tidbit .
This of course was not true of the educated and sophisticated people we met , who loved their pets , but kindness is not a basic human instinct .
-- But let him be ready to invent whatever falsehood -- to assail whatever character -- and to prostitute his paper to whatever ends -- and they hug him to their heart .
He claimed in his attacks that Woodruff , with scurrilous underhandedness , had deliberately written an ambiguous bid that had so confused the honest members of the legislature that they had awarded him the contract without knowing what they were doing .
We therefore leave the writer to the enjoyment of the unenvied reputation which the personal abuse he has heaped on us will entitle him to from the low and vulgar herd to which he belongs '' .
By this time Woodruff had accurately measured Pike as a man of great personal pride , a man who would fly into a towering rage if his integrity were questioned , and who would be anxious to avenge himself .
Pike was stunned by the first blast against his character , which was published in the March 4th issue of The Gazette under the name `` Vale '' .
Outraged , he used the Advocate of March 7th for a denial , sending immediately to Santa Fe and Van Buren for documents to vindicate himself , and demanding that Woodruff reveal the name of this perfidious slanderer who disguised himself under a pastoral pseudonym .
Without further inquiry , Pike jumped to the conclusion that Robinson was guilty , and , following the honorable route that would eventually lead to the dueling ground , sent a message to Robinson through his friends , demanding that he either confirm or deny his complicity .
If Robinson was a liar and a slanderer , he was also a very canny gentleman , for nothing that Pike could do would pry so much as a single word out of him .
It took Pike a long time to realize what Woodruff had done , and it had a profound effect on him .
This warm relationship came to an abrupt end in June of 1834 when the National Congress appropriated $3,000 for compiling and printing the laws of Arkansas Territory , and , taking note of the recent wave of corruption in the legislature , left it to the governor to award the contract .
But because the governor was determined that friendship should not influence him one way or the other , he looked for a printer with a knowledge of the law ( which Woodruff did not have ) , and awarded the contract to a lawyer named John Steele who had started a newspaper in Helena the year before .
We hope that he will execute it in a manner that will entitle him to credit '' .
The eventual prize in this new battle was the public printing contract that Woodruff still held .
To document his charge , Pike set up two parallel columns in The Advocate showing the price charged by The Gazette and the considerably lower price for which the work could be done elsewhere .
Then he called on the governor to explain why .
Very angry at Woodruff , the governor used his personal influence to have the printing contract withdrawn from The Gazette and awarded to the lowest bidder , which , by a strange coincidence , happened to be Pike's Advocate .
as Pike proved himself adept in the political arena , he also became a social lion in the village of Little Rock , where he served as a symbol of the culture that the ladies of the town were striving so eagerly to cultivate .
`` Little Rock is , without any flattery , one of the dullest towns in the United States and I would not have remained two hours in the place , if I had not met with some good friends who made me forget its dreariness '' .
He again began to play the violin , and tucking the instrument beneath his chin , performed soulful and romantic airs to match the expressions on the faces of the lovely women who gathered to hear him .
He composed songs and set them to music and sang them in a soft , melodious voice , and when his audience had had enough of music he would discourse on politics or tell stories of his western adventures guaranteed to excite the emotions of men and women alike .
The orator of this period , in order to earn a reputation , had to pay close attention to the formal composition of his speech , judging how it would appear in print as well as the effect it would have on the audience that heard it .
Samuel Gorton , founder of Warwick , was styled by the historian Samuel Greene Arnold `` one of the most remarkable men who ever lived '' .
Edward Rawson , secretary of the colony of Massachusetts Bay , described him as `` a man whose spirit was stark drunk with blasphemies and insolence , a corrupter of the truth , a disturber of the peace wherever he comes '' .
wept day and night for the sins and blindness of the world had a long walk through the trees and woods by his house , where he constantly walked morning and evening , and even in the depths of the night , alone by himself , for contemplation and the enjoyment of the dispensation of light .
He was universally beloved by his neighbours , and the Indians , who esteemed him , not only as a friend , but one high in communion with God in Heaven '' .
There is plenty more to recommend Gorton , the facts of whose life are given in The Life And Times Of Samuel Gorton , by Adelos Gorton .
Soon he was in trouble there , for defending a woman who was accused of smiling in church .
She was Ellen Aldridge , a widow of good repute who was employed by Gorton's wife and lived with the family .
It had been whispered privately that she had smiled in the congregation , and the Governor Prence sent to knoe her business , and command , after punishment as the bench see fit , her departure and also anyone who brought her to the place from which she came ' '' .
He advised the poor woman not to appear in court as what she was charged with was not in violation of law .
Gorton appeared for her , however , and what he told the magistrates must have been plenty , for he was charged with deluding the court , fined , and told to leave the colony within fourteen days .
William Coddington , who was running the colony , felt constrained to move seven miles south where , with others -- as mentioned above -- he founded Newport .
When , in March , 1640 , the two towns were united under Coddington , Gorton claimed the union was irregular and illegally constituted and that it had never been sanctioned by the majority of freeholders .
The old woman complained to the deputy governor , who ordered the servant brought before the court .
Master Gorton , having foully abused high and low at Aquidneck is now bewitching and bemaddening poor Providence , both with his unclean and foul censures of all the ministers of this country ( for which myself have in Christ's name withstood him ) , and also denying all visible and external ordinances in depth of Familism : almost all suck in his poison , as at first they did at Aquidneck .
Williams also stated : `` Our peace was like the peace of a man who hath the tertian ague '' .
If Gorton wanted peace and quiet for his complicated meditations this is where he should have had it .
The latter tried to arbitrate through a delegation from Providence , which offer was declined by the invaders .
You may do well to take notice , that besides the title to land between the English and the Indians there , there are twelve of the English that have subscribed their names to horrible and detestable blasphemies , who are rather to be judged as blasphemous than they should delude us by winning time under pretence of arbitration '' .
Promptly their livestock was taken and according to Gorton the soldiers were ordered to knock down anyone who should utter a word of insolence , and run through anyone who might step out of line .
When the captives arrived in Boston , `` the chaplain ( of their captors ) went to prayers in the open streets , that the people might take notice what they had done in a holy manner , and in the name of the Lord '' .
The prisoners agreed , provided they might speak after the sermon , which was permitted .
Here was Gorton's chance to indulge in something at which he was supreme .
Gorton replied with blasts that scandalized the congregation .
At the trial which took place later , the Pomham matter was completely omitted .
Whether the Fathers , who died before Christ was born of the Virgin Mary , were justified and saved only by the blood which he shed , and the death which he suffered after his incarnation ? ?
Who was the God whom he thinke we serve ? ?
What he means when he saith , wee worship the starre of our God Remphan , Chion , Moloch '' ? ?
The convicts were put in chains , paraded before the congregation at the Reverend Cotton's lecture as an example , and sent to prisons in various towns , where they languished all winter , chains included .
When Fred wheeled him back into his room , the big one looking out on the back porch , and put him to bed , Papa told him he was very tired but that he had enjoyed greatly the trip downtown .
Dr. Glenn saw at once what had happened .
One had to find a donor , and usually very quickly , whose blood corresponded with the patient's .
`` But why in the name of God can't I give my father blood '' ? ?
`` Why can't I , Doctor '' ? ?
A few years before his death Papa had agreed with Mama to make a joint will with her in which it would be provided that in the event of the death of either of them an accounting would be made to their children whereby each child would receive a bequest of $5000 cash .
Fred and Ralph qualified as executors and paid off what debts were currently due , and they were all current , since Papa was never one to allow bills to go unpaid .
The bills were principally for hospitalization and doctors' fees during the last years of his life , and when he died he owed in the main only current doctor's bills .
After they had paid all his debts and the funeral costs , Ralph and Fred had some fourteen thousand dollars , as I remember , with which to pay the bequests .
So what Fred and Ralph did was to attempt to prorate the money fairly by taking into account what each of the five had received , if anything , from the estate before Papa's death .
Consequently , Fred and Tom , the two who had been provided college educations , signed statements to the effect that each had received his bequest in full , and Effie and I were each allotted $5000 .
So , because he had received less than Tom , it was felt proper that Fred should receive the few hundred dollars that remained .
And that's how Papa's estate was divided .
But things were worked out in the family and late in August he wrote Miss McCrady an explanatory letter in which he told her that matters at home had been in an unsettled condition after Papa's death and he had not known whether he would stay at home with Mama , accept the Northwestern job , or return to Harvard .
And that's what he did .
That fall he submitted to Professor Baker the first acts and outlines of the following acts of several plays , six of them , according to some of his associates , and he also worked on a play that he first called Niggertown , the material for which he had collected during the summer at home .
In the spring , it must have been , he began working on the play that he called The House , which later would be Mannerhouse .
Tom never knew how to condense , to boil down .
In this play there were some thirty or more named characters and I don't know how many more unnamed .
In describing it to Professor Baker after it had been chosen for production , he defended his great array of characters by declaring that he had included that many not because `` I didn't know how to save paint '' , but because the play required them .
Instead , he went down to New York and submitted Welcome To Our City to the Theatre Guild , which had asked him to let them have a look at it after Professor Baker had recommended it highly .
He hung around New York , waiting to hear whether they would accept it for production and in that time came down to Asheville and also paid a short visit to Chapel Hill , where with almost childish delight he visited old friends and favorite campus spots .
The Graham Memorial would be the campus student union honoring the late and much beloved Edward Kidder Graham , who had been president when Tom entered the university .
Tom told me about it , how one evening he went over to see the Theatre Guild man .
This man , Tom said , had the play shut up in his desk , I believe , and when Tom sat down , he pulled it out and apologetically told Tom that they wouldn't be able to use it .
The spirit of this group was that we were -- and are -- living in a world doomed to eternal punishment , but that God through Jesus Christ has provided a way of escape for those who confess their sins and accept salvation .
There are millions who accept this doctrine , but few indeed are those who accept it so truly that the fate of humanity lies as a weight on their souls night and day .
The basic difficulty , I suppose , was in my ultimate inability to feel a burden of sin from which I sought relief .
I was familiar with Pilgrim's Progress , which I read as literature .
There is , of course , the doctrine of original sin , which asserts that each of us as individuals partakes of the guilt of our first ancestor .
The actual impelling force which severed me from evangelical effort was of another sort .
I found myself becoming one of that group of people who , in Carlyle's words , `` are forever gazing into their own navels , anxiously asking ' Am I right , am I wrong ' '' ? ?
They have remained on the opened page of my mind in all the years which since have passed .
In my experience the assurance of forgiveness comes only when I have confessed to the wronged one and have made as full reparation as I can devise .
This was taken after I came to live in Springfield , and it was made under the guidance of the Reverend Raymond Beardslee , a young preacher who came to the Congregational Church there at about the same time that I moved from New York .
His father was a professor at Hartford Theological Seminary , and from him he acquired a conviction , which he passed along to me , that there is in the universe of persons a moral law , the law of love , which is a natural law in the same sense as is the physical law .
It is not the authority of God Himself which makes them true .
Because God is what He is , the laws of the universe , material and spiritual , are what they are .
In his book Civilization And Ethics Albert Schweitzer faces the moral problems which arise when moral law is recognized in business life , for example .
His Ethics defines `` possessions as the property of the community , of which the individual is sovereign steward .
One serves society by conducting a business from which a certain number of employees draw their means of subsistence ; ;
Each will decide on his own course somewhere between these two extreme cases according to the sense of responsibility which is determined for him by the particular circumstances of his own life .
He is uncompromising in assigning guilt to the man who finds it necessary to inflict or permit injury to one individual or group for the sake of a larger good .
Schweitzer seems , in fact , to acquire for himself a burden of sin , not bequeathed by Adam , but accumulated in the inevitable judgments which life requires of him as between greater and lesser responsibilities .
One cannot read the records of scientists , officials and travelers who have penetrated to the minds of the most savage races without realizing that each individual met with is a person .
yet here was a depth of sensibility which is lacking in a considerable portion of the beneficiaries of our civilization .
When the young biologist , Dr. Ballard , began to show interest in our daughter Elizabeth , this induced a corresponding interest , on our part , in him .
I asked one day what he was doing .
Then I asked , `` What does that teach you '' ? ?
Gone are the days when , in the nineteenth century , scientists thought that they were close to the attainment of complete knowledge of the physical universe .
There are some people , intelligent people , who seem to be untouched by the sea of wonder in which we are immersed and in which we spend our lives .
The subject of immortality brings to mind a vivid incident which took place in 1929 at Montreux in Switzerland .
Criticism is as old as literary art and we can set the stage for our study of three moderns if we see how certain critics in the past have dealt with the ethical aspects of literature .
Altogether , the list will give us considerable variety in attitudes and some typical ones , for these critics range all the way from censors to those who consider art above ethics , all the way from Plato to Poe .
Even more important , in his Poetics , Aristotle differs somewhat from Plato when he moves in the direction of treating literature as a unique thing , separate and apart from its causes and its effects .
When he discusses the subject matter of poetry , he asks what moral effect the scenes will have .
When he turns briefly to literary style , in the Third Book , he again looks to the effect on the audience .
He explains that his citizens must not be corrupted by any of the misrepresentations of the gods or heroes that one finds in much poetry , and he observes that all `` these pantomimic gentlemen '' will be sent to another state .
Only those story tellers will remain who can `` imitate the style of the virtuous '' .
When he discusses tyrants in the Eighth Book of The Republic , he pictures the poets as willing to praise the worst rulers .
His whole objection , indeed , seems to rise out of a deep conviction that the poets do have great power to influence , but Plato seldom pays any attention to what might be called the poem itself .
We may further grant to those of her ( Poetry's ) defenders who are lovers of poetry and yet not poets , the permission to speak in prose on her behalf : let them show not only that she is pleasant but also useful to States and to human life , and we will listen in a kindly spirit ; ;
When we turn to Aristotle's ideas on the moral measure of literature , it is at once apparent that he is at times equally concerned about the influence of the art .
In Aristotle's analysis of tragedy in the Poetics , we find an attempt to isolate the art , to consider only those things proper to it , to discover how it differs from other arts , and to deal with the effects peculiar to it .
Once the poetic arts are separated from the other forms , he lays down his famous definition of tragedy , which sets up standards and so lends direction to the remainder of the work .
A tragedy , by his definition , is an imitation of an action that is serious , of a certain magnitude , and complete in itself .
It should have a dramatic form with pleasing language , and it should portray incidents which so arouse pity and fear that it purges these emotions in the audience .
The Chicago contingent of modern critics follow Aristotle so far in this direction that it is hard to see how they can compare one poem with another for the purpose of evaluation .
But there are , however , several features of Aristotle's approach which open the way for the moral measure of literature .
In addition , his definition of a tragedy invites our attention , because a serious and important action may very well be one that tests the moral fiber of the author or of the characters .
And there is one other point in the Poetics that invites moral evaluation : Aristotle's notion that the distinctive function of tragedy is to purge one's emotions by arousing pity and fear .
In his study Samuel Johnson , Joseph Wood Krutch takes this line when he says that what Aristotle really means by his theory of catharsis is that our evil passions may be so purged by the dramatic ritual that it is `` less likely that we shall indulge them through our own acts '' .
In Krutch's view , this is one way to show how literature may be moral in effect without employing the explicit methods of a moralist .
Those who wanted to close the theaters , for example , pointed to Plato's Republic and those who wished to keep them open called on the Plato of the Ion to testify in their behalf .
The most famous document that comes out of this dispute is perhaps Sir Philip Sidney's An Apologie For Poetrie , published in 1595 .
What is not so well known , however , and what is quite important for understanding the issues of this early quarrel , is the kind of attack on literature that Sidney was answering .
Second , we will see how Sidney answered the charges , for while Sidney's essay was not specifically a reply to Gosson , his arguments do support the new theater .
Aroused by what they considered an evil influence , some members of the clergy , joined by city authorities , merchants , and master craftsmen , began the attack on the plays and the actors for what they called `` the abuses of the art '' , but by 1582 some of them began to denounce the whole idea of acting .
Although this kind of wholesale objection came at first from some men who were not technically Puritans , still , once the Puritans gained power , they climaxed the affair by passing the infamous ordinance of 1642 which decreed that all `` public stage-plays shall cease and be forborne '' .
In the early days of this controversy over the theater one of the interested parties , Stephen Gosson , published a little tract in which he objected mildly to the abuses of art , rather than the art itself .
He advises women to beware `` of those places which in sorrows cheere you and beguile you in mirth '' .
Students are approximately equally divided between those who regard vocational preparation as the primary goal of an ideal education and those who chose a general liberal education .
There is impressive consistency between specific occupational preferences and the student's basic conception of what is for him a good way of life .
Our students want occupations that permit them to use their talents and training , to be creative and original , to work with and to help other people .
For there is also the `` face of reality '' in the form of the individual's perceptions of his own abilities and interests , of the objective possibilities open to him , of the familial and other social pressures to which he is exposed .
We find `` reluctant recruits '' whose values are not in line with their expected occupation's characteristics .
many a people-oriented student who dreams of the M.D. decides to enter his father's advertising agency ; ;
In their views on dating , courtship , sex , and family life , our students prefer what they are expected to prefer .
`` Conservatism '' and `` traditionalism '' seem implied by what has just been said .
And as they go through college , the students tend to bring their political position in line with that prevalent in the social groups to which they belong .
When their faith in civil liberties is tested against strong pressures of social expediency in specific issues , e.g. , suppression of `` dangerous ideas '' , many waver and give in .
The students who are most willing to acquiesce in the suppression of civil liberties are also those who are most likely to be prejudiced against minority groups , to be conformist and traditionalistic in general social attitudes , and to lack a basic faith in people .
In other words , as students go through college , those who are most successful academically tend to become more committed to a `` Bill of Rights '' orientation .
College in gross -- just the general experience -- may have varying effects , but the students who are successful emerge with strengthened and clarified democratic values .
The interesting thing in this connection is that the norms upon which students tend to converge include toleration of diversity .
To the extent that our sampling of the orientations of American college students in the years 1950 and 1952 may be representative of our culture -- and still valid in 1959 -- we are disposed to question the summary characterization of the current generation as silent , beat , apathetic , or as a mass of other-directed conformists who are guided solely by social radar without benefit of inner gyroscopes .
Our data indicate that these students of today do basically accept the existing institutions of the society , and , in the face of the realities of complex and large-scale economic and political problems , make a wary and ambivalent delegation of trust to those who occupy positions of legitimized responsibility for coping with such collective concerns .
The religious quest is often intense and deep , and there are students on every campus who are seriously wrestling with the most profound questions of meaning and value .
Still another segment of the student population consists of those who seek , in what they regard as religion , intellectual clarity , rational belief , and ethical guidance and reinforcement .
Upon second thought we were forced to realize that we have very few reliable historical benchmarks against which we might compare the present situation , and that conclusions that present-day students are `` more '' or `` less '' religious could not be defended on the basis of our data .
But , here again , comparative benchmarks are lacking , and we do not know , in any case , what measure of profoundity and intensity to expect from healthy , young , secure and relatively inexperienced persons ; ;
In order to prevent this , Washington hastened to dispatch several units to reinforce the fort , including a force under the Marquis De Lafayette containing some 160 of Morgan's riflemen , all who were fit for duty at this time , the rest having no shoes .
`` I never saw men '' , Lafayette declared in regard to the riflemen , `` so merry , so spirited , and so desirous to go on to the enemy , whatever force they might have , as that small party in this fight '' .
Morgan was ordered to attack the enemy , who had meantime moved to Edge Hill on the left of the Americans .
A body of redcoats were seen marching down a nearby slope , a tempting target for the riflemen , who threw a volley into their ranks and `` messed up '' the smart formation considerably .
But the Maryland militia had likewise fled , all too typical of this type of soldier during the Revolution , an experience which gave Morgan little confidence in militia in general , as he watched other instances of their breaking in hot engagements .
The British , although suffering considerable losses , noted the defection of the Marylanders , made a stand , then turned and attacked Morgan who became greatly outnumbered and had to retire .
The Americans lost forty-four men , among them Major Joseph Morris of Morgan's regiment , an officer who was regarded with high esteem and affection , not only by his commander , but by Washington and Lafayette as well .
After complimenting Morgan and the riflemen and saying he was praising them to Congress , too , the ardent Frenchman added he felt that Congress should make some financial restitution to the widow and family of Morris , but that he knew Morgan realized how long such action usually required , if it was done at all .
`` As Mrs. Morris may be in some want before that time '' , Lafayette continued , `` I am going to trouble you with a commission which I beg you will execute with the greatest secrecy .
But you could ( as from yourself ) tell her that you had friends who , being with the army , don't know what to do with their money and would willingly let her have one or many thousand dollars '' .
This was accordingly done , and the plight of the grateful Mrs. Morris was much relieved as a result of the generous loan , the amount of which is not known .
Apparently still sensitive about the idea with which General Gates had approached him at Saratoga , namely , that George Washington be replaced , Morgan was vehement in his support of the commander-in-chief during the campaign around Philadelphia .
Such a situation regarding the Board of War could hardly have helped Morgan's chances for promotion when that matter came before the group later on .
The position of the new camp was admirably selected and well fortified , its easily defensible nature being one good reason why Howe did not attack it .
The headquarters of Morgan was on a farm , said to have been particularly well located so as to prevent the farmers nearby from trading with the British , a practice all too common to those who preferred to sell their produce for British gold rather than the virtually worthless Continental currency .
For example , he captured some persons from York County , who with teams were taking to Philadelphia the furniture of a man who had just been released from prison through the efforts of his wife , and who apparently was helpless to prevent the theft of his household goods .
Morgan took charge of the furniture and restored it to its thankful owners , but he let the culprits who had stolen it go free .
`` They straggle at such a rate '' , he told the commander-in-chief , `` that if the enemy were enterprising , they might get two from us , when we would take one of them , which makes me wish General Howe would go on , lest any incident happen to us '' .
The mild activity of his command during the sojourn of the troops at Valley Forge could be handled by a subordinate , he felt , so like Henry Knox , equally loyal to Washington , who went to Boston at this time , Morgan received permission to visit his home in Virginia for several weeks .
He was shown a warm welcome regardless , and spent the time in Winchester recuperating from his ailment , enjoying his family and arranging his private affairs which were , of course , run down .
His neighbors celebrated his return , even if it was only temporary , and Morgan was especially gratified by the quaint expression of an elderly friend , Isaac Lane , who told him , `` A man that has so often left all that is dear to him , as thou hast , to serve thy country , must create a sympathetic feeling in every patriotic heart '' .
There must have been special feelings of joy and patriotism in the heart of Daniel Morgan too , when the news was received on April 30th of the recognition by France of the independence of the United States .
On May 6th , Morgan , who had returned , received from Washington orders to `` send out patrols under vigilant officers '' to keep near the enemy .
Apparently no serious disorders resulted from the celebration , and within a few days , Morgan joined the force of Lafayette who now had command of some 2,000 men at Barren Hill , not far above Philadelphia on the Schuylkill .
Ford urged Morgan to capture these men , who , he thought , might be disguised as Quakers or peasants .
Morgan took the suggested steps , but when Mrs. Sanderson appeared , there was nobody with her but her husband , whom he promptly sent to headquarters to be questioned .
For by now the original cause of the quarrel , Philip's seizure of Gascony , was only one strand in the spider web of French interests that overlay all western Europe and that had been so well and closely spun that the lightest movement could set it trembling from one end to the other .
Even so , Edward's ambassadors can scarcely have foreseen that five years of unremitting work lay ahead of them before peace was finally made and that when it did come the countless embassies that left England for Rome during that period had very little to do with it .
Nogaret is hardly an impartial witness , and even he did not make his charges against Boniface until the latter was dead , but there is some truth in what he said and more in what he did not say .
It was not merely a hunger for `` money , gold and precious objects '' that delayed the papal pronouncement that could have brought the war to an end ; ;
When the negotiations began , his quarrel with the king of France was temporarily in abeyance , and he had no intention of reviving it so long as there was hope that French money would come to pay the troops who , under Charles of Valois , the papal vicar of Tuscany , were so valuable in the crusade against the Colonna cardinals and their Sicilian allies .
Because of these involvements in the matter at stake , Boniface lacked the impartiality that is supposed to be an essential qualification for the position of arbiter , and in retrospect that would seem to be sufficient reason why the English embassies to the Curia proved so fruitless .
But when the situation was so complicated that even Nogaret , one of the principal actors in the drama , could misinterpret the pope's motives , it is possible that Othon and his companions , equally baffled , attributed their difficulties to a more immediate cause .
`` Tact '' , by its very derivation , implies that its possessor keeps in touch with other people , but the author of Clericis Laicos and Unam Sanctam , the wielder of the two swords , the papal sun of which the imperial moon was but a dim reflection , the peer of Caesar and vice-regent of Christ , was so high above other human beings that he had forgotten what they were like .
He was a learned and brilliant man , one of the best jurists in Europe and with flashes of penetrating insight , and yet in his dealings with other people , particularly when he tried to be ingratiating , he was capable of an abysmal stupidity that can have come only from a complete incomprehension of human nature and human motives .
This lofty disregard for others was not shared by such men as Pierre Flotte and his associates , that `` brilliant group of mediocre men '' , as Powicke calls them , who provided the brains for the French embassy that came to Rome under the nominal leadership of the archbishop of Narbonne , the duke of Burgundy , and the count of St.-Pol .
They had risen from humble beginnings by their own diligence and astuteness , they were unfettered by the codes that bound nobles like Othon or even the older generation of clerks like Hotham , and they were working for an end that their opponents had never even visualized .
it was the clerks who caused the mischief and who made him say that the ruling passion of their race was covetousness and that in dealing with them he never knew whether he had to do with a Frenchman or with a devil .
To the pope , head of the universal Church , to the duke of Burgundy , taking full advantage of his position on the borders of France and of the Empire , or to Othon , who found it quite natural that he should do homage to Edward for Tipperary and to the count of Savoy for Grandson , Flotte's outspoken nationalism was completely incomprehensible .
when the pope , trying no doubt to appeal to his better nature , said to him , `` You have already taken Normandy .
Loyal and unscrupulous , with a single-minded ambition to which he devoted all his energies , he outmatched the English diplomats time and time again until , by a kind of poetic justice , he fell at the battle of Courtrai , the victim of the equally nationalistic if less articulate Flemings .
The English , relying on a prejudiced arbiter and confronted with superior diplomatic skill , were also hampered in their negotiations by the events that were taking place at home .
The Scots had found a new leader in William Wallace , and Edward's yearly expeditions across the Border called for evermounting taxes , which only increased his difficulties with the barons and the clergy .
The defeat and death of Adolf of Nassau at the hands of Albert of Habsburg also worked to the disadvantage of the English , for all the efforts to revive the anti-French coalition came to nothing when Philip made an alliance with the new king of the Romans .
Amadee may have owed this partly to his relationship with the king , but Othon , who at sixty seems still to have been a simple knight , merited his position solely by his own character and ability .
The younger men , Vere , and Pembroke , who was also Edward's cousin and whose Lusignan blood gave him the swarthy complexion that caused Edward of Carnarvon's irreverent friend , Piers Gaveston , to nickname him `` Joseph the Jew '' , were relatively new to the game of diplomacy , but Pontissara had been on missions to Rome before , and Hotham , a man of great learning , `` jocund in speech , agreeable to meet , of honest religion , and pleasing in the eyes of all '' , and an archbishop to boot , was as reliable and experienced as Othon himself .
But all the reports of this first embassy show that the two Savoyards were the heads of it , for they were the only ones who were empowered to swear for the king that he would abide by the pope's decision and who were allowed to appoint deputies in the event that one was unavoidably absent .
In the eyes of those who still cared for such things , it was a reflection on his honor , and it gave further grounds for complaint to his overtaxed subjects , who were already grumbling -- although probably not in Latin -- `` Non est lex sana Quod regi sit mea lana '' .
Bad relations between England and Flanders brought hard times to the shepherds scattered over the dales and downs as well as to the crowded Flemish cities , and while the English , so far , had done no more than grumble , Othon had seen what the discontent might lead to , for before he left the Low Countries the citizens of Ghent had risen in protest against the expense of supporting Edward and his troops , and the regular soldiers had found it unexpectedly difficult to put down the nasty little riot that ensued .
In all the talk of feudal rights , the knights and bishops must never forget the woolworkers , nor was it easy to do so , for all along the road to Italy they passed the Florentine pack trains going home with their loads of raw wool from England and rough Flemish cloth , the former to be spun and woven by the Arte Della Lana and the latter to be refined and dyed by the Arte Della Calimala with the pigment recently discovered in Asia Minor by one of their members , Bernardo Rucellai , the secret of which they jealously kept for themselves .
A northern ambassador , willing to keep his mouth shut and his ears open , could learn a lot that would stand him in good stead at the Curia .
They had other topics of conversation , besides their news from courts and fairs , which were of interest to Othon , the builder of castles in Wales and churches in his native country .
Behind him lay the Low Countries , where men were still completing the cathedrals that a later Florentine would describe as `` a malediction of little tabernacles , one on top of the other , with so many pyramids and spires and leaves that it is a wonder they stand up at all , for they look as though they were made of paper instead of stone or marble '' ; ;
the Low Countries , where the Middle Ages were to last for another two centuries and die out only when Charles the Bold of Burgundy met his first defeat in the fields and forests below the walls of Grandson .
My father would have done it if it hadn't been for my mother , who had a fear of being in debt to anyone -- even Alfred Alpert .
In spite of his being well liked there were a few people who were very careful about Alfred .
One of the people who was afraid of Alfred was his own brother , Lew .
I don't know how and I don't know why but the two stores , the one in Margaretville and the one in Fleischmanns that had been set up as a partnership , were dissolved , separated from each other .
Everything was all very friendly , except when it came to Harry , the youngest brother .
Alfred , who was a good deal older than Harry , had treated him like a son , and when Harry decided to stay in business with Lew instead of going with Alfred , Alfred looked on the decision as a betrayal .
It was in the spring of the year when he took to his bed and Tessie and Alfred found out that they didn't know each other .
The store was their marriage , and when Alfred had to leave it there was nothing to hold them together .
And when Alfred was forced into his bed , Tessie left the front porch of the store and sat at home , rocking in her rocker in the living room , staring out the window -- the rose still in her hair .
My father , who liked Alfred very much , was a constant visitor .
He sent me for Meltzer the Butcher , whom he wanted not as a friend but as a rabbi .
Meltzer knew why I had come for him .
I sat down to wait , and I watched Tessie Alpert , who hadn't moved or said a word but kept staring out of the window .
Meltzer stayed with Alfred , and when the door opened they both came out .
Harry ran to the side of the car where Alfred was sitting and looked at him , begging him to speak .
The first time I went there he asked me to bring him water from Flagler's well -- water that reminded him of his first days in the mountains -- and before I came the next time I filled a five-gallon jug for him and brought it to the hospital .
The jug stayed at the hospital and the water -- what can happen to water ? ?
12 `` where is it written '' ? ?
Mr. Banks was always called Banks the Butcher until he left town and the shop passed over to Meltzer the Scholar who then became automatically Meltzer the Butcher .
He came to Fleischmanns directly from the boat that brought him to America from Russia .
So Meltzer learned a new trade from Banks , who supplied the town and the hotels with meat .
Banks the Butcher was a hard master and a hard father , a man who didn't seem to know the difference between the living flesh of his family and the hanging carcasses of his stock in trade .
perhaps he was a little more sympathetic to the sides of beef that hung silently from his hooks .
Her brother Karl was a very gentle soul , her mother was a quiet woman who said little but who had hard , probing eyes .
I was free but she was bound to her duties that not even the coming of Meltzer lightened .
When these chores were finished , only then , was she allowed whatever freedom she could find .
When the work was finished , we would walk .
To people who didn't know her she was a gawky , badly dressed kid whose arms were too long , whose legs were a little too bony .
She had the hips of a boy and a loose-jointed walk that reminded me of a string of beads strolling down the street .
And she had the kind of crossed eyes that shocked .
We were almost the same age , she was fifteen , I was twelve , and where I felt there was a life to look forward to Lilly felt she had had as much of it as was necessary .
When we went for our walks Lilly's brother would come along every once in a while .
The song , he said , was called `` The Stream's Lullaby '' , and when he sang , `` Gute ruh , Gute ruh , Mach't die augen zu , '' there was such longing and such simple sadness that it frightened me .
Later , when I was older , I found the song was part of Schubert's Die Schone Mullerin .
What was true for archaeology was also true of place-name studies .
Even in the nineteenth century such accomplished philologists as Kemble and Guest were led into what now seem ludicrous errors because of their failure to recognize that modern forms of place names are not necessarily the result of logical philological development .
Diplomatic is another area for which the dawn of the twentieth century marks the beginning of modern standards of scholarship .
And it is this , particularly the establishment of archaeology and place-name studies on a scientific basis , which are immediately pertinent to the Saxon Shore .
It was Plummer , in fact , who coined the much quoted remark : `` Mr. Green indeed writes as if he had been present at the landing of the Saxons and had watched every step of their subsequent progress '' .
Most now admit that Bede , Gildas , Nennius and The Anglo-Saxon Chronicles cannot be the infallible guides to early English history that Guest , Freeman and Green thought them to be .
For it is their catastrophic concept of the Anglo-Saxon invasions rather than Kemble's gradualist approach which dominates the field .
They , however much they were in disagreement with the late Victorians over the method by which Britain was Germanized , agreed with them that the end result was the complete extinction of the previous Celtic population and civilization .
But beginning , for all practical purposes , with Frederick Seebohm's English Village Community scholars have had to reckon with a theory involving institutional and agrarian continuity between Roman and Anglo-Saxon times which is completely at odds with the reigning concept of the Anglo-Saxon invasions .
Against Seebohm formidable foes have taken the field , notably F. W. Maitland , whose Domesday Book And Beyond was written expressly for this purpose , and Sir Paul Vinogradoff whose The Growth Of The Manor had a similar aim .
In the main stream of historical thinking is a group of scholars , H.M. Chadwick , R.H. Hodgkin , Sir Frank Stenton et al. who are in varying degrees sceptical of the native traditions of the conquest but who defend the catastrophic type of invasion suggested by them .
On the other side are the Celtic survivalists who have taken a tack divergent from both these schools of nineteenth century thought .
Those who do have occasion to deal with the invasions in a more general way , like T.W. Shore and Arthur Wade-Evans , are on the side of a gradual and often peaceful Germanic penetration into Britain .
The few scholars who have adopted the `` shore occupied by '' interpretation , Howorth , Shore , and Wade-Evans , have all been Celtic survivalists .
What they meant was that there was no evidence to show that the south and east coasts of Britain received Germanic settlers conspicuously earlier than some other parts of England .
That is , there was no trace of Anglo-Saxons in Britain as early as the late third century , to which time the archaeological evidence for the erection of the Saxon Shore forts was beginning to point .
The great increase in the amount of archaeological activity , and therefore information , in the years immediately preceeding and following the Second World War has brought to light data which has changed the complection of the Saxon Shore dispute .
Where there were none fifteen years ago , several scholars currently are edging their way cautiously towards the acceptance of the `` shore occupied by '' position .
We must , therefore , have a look at the new archaeological material and re-examine the literary and place-name evidence which bears upon the problem .
What exactly are we trying to prove ? ?
So whenever the Romans finally withdrew from the island , the Saxon Shore disappeared in the first decade of the fifth century .
Therefore , what we must prove or disprove is that there were Saxons , in the broad sense in which we must construe the word , in the area of the Saxon Shore at the time it was called the Saxon Shore .
Wood took the proposal to Chief of Staff Hugh L. Scott , who passed it on to Baker a month before the actual declaration of war against Germany .
He concluded that selective service would not only prevent the disorganization of essential war industries but would avoid the undesirable moral effects of the British reliance on enlistment only -- `` where the feeling of the people was whipped into a frenzy by girls pinning white feathers on reluctant young men , orators preaching hate of the Germans , and newspapers exaggerating enemy outrages to make men enlist out of motives of revenge and retaliation '' .
Baker took the plan to Wilson who said : `` Baker , this is plainly right on any ground .
The result was that by secret agreement draft machinery was actually ready long before the country knew that the device was to take the place of the volunteering method which Theodore Roosevelt favored .
Before the Draft Act was passed Baker had confidentially briefed governors , sheriffs , and prospective draft board members on the administration of the measure -- and the confidence was kept so well that only one newspaper learned what was going on .
It was Baker , working through Provost Marshal Enoch Crowder and Major Hugh S. ( `` Old Ironpants '' ) Johnson , who arranged for a secret printing by the million of selective service blanks -- again before the Act was passed -- until corridors in the Government Printing Office were full and the basement of the Washington Post Office was stacked to the ceiling .
it was Baker who thought of lessening the shock , which conscription always brings to a country , by substituting `` Greetings from your neighbors '' for the recruiting sergeant , and registration in familiar voting places rather than at military installations .
He was Julius Kahn for whom the Chief of Staff thought no honor could be too great .
At Camp Taylor in Kentucky a barracks was built in an hour and a half from timber that had been standing in Mississippi forests one week before .
In later years Josephus Daniels was to claim that World War 1 , was the first in American history in which there was great concern for both the health and morals of our soldiers .
It was the first American war in which the death rate from disease was lower than that from battle , due to the provision of trained medical personnel ( of the 200,000 officers , 42,000 were physicians ) , compulsory vaccination , rigorous camp sanitation , and adequate hospital facilities .
This enviable record would have been maintained but for a great and unexpected disaster which struck the world with murderous stealth .
Both Secretary of War Baker and Secretary of Navy Daniels devoted much time and effort to the problem of providing reasonably normal and wholesome activities in camp for the millions of men who had been removed from their home environment .
He also ascertained that many officers were indifferent to the problem , including Commanding General Frederick Funston who gave Fosdick the nickname of `` Reverend '' .
Both knew that when trains stopped at Texan crossroads bored soldiers would sometimes enter to ask the passengers if they had any reading material to spare , even a newspaper .
When the United States entered the First World War Baker made certain that the Draft Act of 1917 prohibited the sale of liquor to men in uniform and that it provided for broad zones around the camps in which prostitution was outlawed .
In Europe , Premier Clemenceau , showing his animal proclivities as the `` Tiger of France '' , asked Pershing by letter for the creation of special houses where the sexual desires of American men could be satisfied .
When Fosdick showed the letter to Baker his negative response was : `` For God's sake , Raymond , don't show this to the President or he'll stop the war '' .
Affirmatively Baker worked on the premise that `` young men spontaneously prefer to be decent , and that opportunities for wholesome recreation are the best possible cure for irregularities in conduct which arise from idleness and the baser temptations '' .
The wholesome activities were to be provided by many organizations including the YMCA , the Knights of Columbus , the Jewish Welfare Board , the American Library Association , and the Playground and Recreation Association -- private societies which voluntarily performed the job that was taken over almost entirely by the Special Services Division of the Army itself in World War 2 .
Over these voluntary agencies , in 1917-18 , the CTCA served as a co-ordinating body in carrying out what Survey called `` the most stupendous piece of social work in modern times '' .
Under Fosdick the first executive officer of the CTCA was Richard Byrd , whose name in later years was to become synonymous with activities at the polar antipodes .
From the point of view of popularity the best-known member of the Commission was Walter Camp , the Yale athlete whose sobriquet was `` the father of American football '' .
The CTCA distributed a khaki-bound songbook that provided the impetus for spirited renditions of the selections found therein , plus a number of others whose lyrics were more earthy -- from `` Johnny Get Your Gun '' to `` Keep The Home Fires Burning '' to `` Mademoiselle From Armentieres '' .
We see at once what Victor Hugo means when he calls Macbeth a northern scion of the house of Atreus .
I say the late seventeenth century because Racine ( whom Lessing did not really know ) stands on the far side of the chasm .
The image of man which enters into force with Aeschylus is still vital in Phedre and Athalie .
It is the triumph of rationalism and secular metaphysics which marks the point of no return .
In Greek tragedy as in Shakespeare , mortal actions are encompassed by forces which transcend man .
Those who walk on it may encounter at any turn ministers of grace or damnation .
Oedipus and Lear instruct us how little of the world belongs to man .
But at the touch of Hume and Voltaire the noble or hideous visitations which had haunted the mind since Agamemnon's blood cried out for vengeance , disappeared altogether or took tawdry refuge among the gaslights of melodrama .
I have said before how difficult it is to make any precise statements with regard to the character of the Greek and Elizabethan public .
They order the manifold levels of reality and moral value along an axis of being which extends from brute matter to the immaculate stars .
And in these organizations certain primal notions played a radiant part , radiant both in the sense of giving light and of being a pole toward which all perspectives converge .
These conceptions and the manner in which they were transposed into poetry or engendered by poetic form are intrinsic to western life from the time of Aeschylus to that of Shakespeare .
After the seventeenth century the audience ceased to be an organic community to which these ideas and their attendant habits of figurative language would be natural or immediately familiar .
Concepts such as grace , damnation , purgation , blasphemy , or the chain of being , which are everywhere implicit in classic and Shakespearean tragedy , lose their vitality .
They become philosophic abstractions of a private and problematic relevance , or mere catchwords in religious customs which had in them a diminishing part of active belief .
The conventions into which the romantics tried to breath life no longer corresponded to the realities of thought and feeling .
Goethe asks in Wilhelm Meister whether we know the land where the lemon trees flower , and the light of the Mediterranean glows through Torquato Tasso and the Roman Elegies .
There can be no greater magic than to wrest from death her in whom the flesh was all , in whom beauty was entirely pure because it was entirely corruptible .
When Quiney and William Parsons wrote to Greville in 1593 asking his consent in the election for bailiff , they sent the letter to Mr. William Sawnders , attendant on the worshipful Mr. Thomas Bushell at Marston .
His son Thomas , aged fifteen when he entered Oxford in 1582 , married as his first wife Margaret , sister of Sir Edward Greville .
In his letter mentioning Shakespeare on January 24 , 1597/8 , Sturley asked Quiney especially that `` theare might ( be ) bi Sir Ed. Grev. some meanes made to the Knightes of the Parliament for an ease and discharge of such taxes and subsedies wherewith our towne is like to be charged , and I assure u I am in great feare and doubte bi no meanes hable to paie .
Sir Ed. Gre. is gonne to Brestowe and from thence to Lond. as I heare , who verie well knoweth our estates and wil be willinge to do us ani good '' .
The knights for Warwickshire in this parliament , which ended its session on February 9 , were Fulke Greville ( the poet ) and William Combe of Warwick , as Fulke Greville and Edward Greville had been in 1593 .
He had been in London for several weeks when he wrote to Shakespeare on October 25 .
Sturley on November 4 answered a letter from Quiney written on October 25 which imported , wrote Sturley , `` that our countriman Mr. Wm. Shak. would procure us monei : which I will like of as I shall heare when , wheare & howe : and I prai let not go that occasion if it mai sort to ani indifferent condicions .
This refers to what had happened after the Earl of Warwick died in 1590 , when the town petitioned Burghley for the right to name the vicar and schoolmaster and other privileges but Greville bought the lordship for himself .
Sturley's allusion probably explains why Greville took out the patent in the names of Best and Wells , for Sir Anthony Ashley described Best as `` a scrivener within Temple Bar , that deals in many matters for my L. Essex '' through Sir Gelly Merrick , especially in `` causes that he would not be known of '' .
Yff yow bargen with Wm. Sha. ( so in the MS ) or Receave money ther or brynge your money home yow maye see howe knite stockynges be sold ther ys gret byinge of them at Aysshom .
Wherefore I thynke yow maye doo good yff yow can have money '' .
His mother Bess , who could not write herself , reminded her husband through Sturley to buy the apron he had promised her and `` a suite of hattes for 5 boies the yongst lined & trimmed with silke '' ( for John , only a year old ) .
His letter of October 26 named two of the men about whom Quiney had written to Shakespeare the day before .
& synce I did write unto him to dessier him to paie 10 for mee which standeth mee greatly uppon to have paide .
He asked Quiney to find out whether the money had been paid and , if not , to send to the lodging of Sir Edward and entreat him to pay what he owed .
Baker added : `` I pray you delivre these inclosed Letters And Comend mee to Mr. Rychard Mytton whoe I know will ffreind mee for the payment of this monei '' .
He listed what he had spent for `` My own diet in London eighteen weeks , in which I was sick a month ; ;
all which cost me at the least 20 pounds '' .
When Sir Edward Greville enclosed the town commons on the Bancroft , Quiney and others leveled his hedges on January 21 , 1600/1 , and were charged with riot by Sir Edward .
No one , he wrote , took any corn of Greville's , for his bailiff of husbandry `` swore a greate oathe thatt who soe came to put hys hande into hys sackes for anye corne shuld leave hys hande behynde hym '' .
Quiney was in London again in June , 1601 , and in November , when he rode up , as Shakespeare must often have done , by way of Oxford , High Wycombe , and Uxbridge , and home through Aylesbury and Banbury .
Asked by the townsmen to cease his suit , Greville had answered that `` hytt shulde coste hym 500 first & sayed it must be tried ether before my Lorde Anderson in the countrey or his uncle Ffortescue in the exchequer with whom he colde more prevaile then we '' .
His servant Robin Whitney threatened Quiney , who had Whitney bound to `` the good abaringe '' to keep the peace .
A report of Sr. Edw Grevyles minaces to the Baileefe Aldermen & Burgesses of Stratforde '' tells how Quiney was injured by Greville's men : `` in the tyme Mr. Ryc' Quyney was bayleefe ther came some of them whoe beinge druncke fell to braweling in ther hosts howse wher thei druncke & drewe ther dagers uppon the hoste : att a faier tyme the Baileefe being late abroade to see the towne in order & comminge by in hurley burley came into the howse & commawnded the peace to be kept butt colde nott prevayle & in hys endevor to sticle the brawle had his heade grevouselye brooken by one of hys ( Greville's ) men whom nether hymselfe ( Greville ) punnished nor wolde suffer to be punnished but with a shewe to turne them awaye & enterteyned agayne '' .
The fall of Rome , the discovery of precious metals , and the Protestant Reformation were all links and could only be explained and understood by comprehending the links that preceded and those that followed .
Often the historian must consider the use of intuition or instinct by those individuals or nations which he is studying .
Unconsciously , governments or races or institutions may enter into some undertaking without fully realizing why they are doing so .
They react in obedience to an instinct or urge which has itself been impelled by natural law .
A nation may go to war on some trifling pretext , when in reality it may have been guided by an unconscious instinct that its very life was at stake .
When the historian encounters a situation in which he can perceive no visible cause and effect sequence , he should be alert to intuition and unconscious instinct as possible guides .
However , as a practicing historian , he , himself , has left few clues to the amount of professional scholarship that he used when writing history .
What evidence is available would seem to indicate that Brooks , unlike his older brother Henry , had most of the methodological vices usually found in the amateur .
His credulity is perhaps best illustrated in his introduction to The Emancipation Of Massachusetts , which purports to examine the trials of Moses and to draw a parallel between the leader of the Israelite exodus from Egypt and the leadership of the Puritan clergy in colonial New England .
Much criticism has been leveled at this rather forced analogy , but what is equally significant is Adams' complete acceptance of the Biblical record as `` good and trustworthy history '' .
In light of the scholarly reappraisals engendered by the higher criticism this is a most remarkable statement , particularly coming from one who was well known for his antifundamentalist views .
If he found data that fitted his general plan , he used it and counted his sources trustworthy .
Conversely , if statistics were uncovered which contradicted a cherished theory , the sources were denounced as faulty .
This is certainly an irrational dogmatism , in which the modern mind attempts to understand the spirit of the sixteenth century on twentieth-century terms .
What is exposited by this observation is not the inherent prejudices of Englishmen but the Anglophobia of Brooks Adams .
Brooks Adams preferred the chronicles of Froissart or the style and theorizing of Edward Gibbon , for at least they took a stand on the issues about which they wrote .
It was history that must be in error , not the historian .
It was this basic trait that separated Adams from the ranks of professional historians and led him to commit time and time again what was his most serious offense against the historical method -- namely , the tendency to assume the truth of an hypothesis before submitting it to the test of facts .
He cites the French Revolution as typifying this rigidity but makes no mention of the Italians , who have been able to adapt to all types of circumstances .
J. T. Shotwell was appalled by such spurious history as that which attributed the fall of the Carolingian empire to the woolen trade , and he urged Adams to `` transform his essay into a real history , embodying not merely those facts which fit into his theory , but also the modifications and exceptions '' .
Moreover , stated Day , `` He always omits facts which tend to disprove his hypothesis '' .
Even D. A. Wasson , who compared The Emancipation Of Massachusetts to the lifting of a fog from ancient landscapes , was also forced to admit the methodological deficiencies of the author .
What was perhaps more important than his concept of the nature of history and the historical method were those forces which shaped the direction of his thought .
In the final analysis his contribution to American historiography was founded on almost intuitive insights into religion , economics , and Darwinism , the three factors which conditioned his search for a law of history .
Religion and the churches were institutions which had been created by man , not God .
Adams was not breaking new ground when he claimed that the worship of an unseen power was in reality a reflection of man's inability to cope with his environment .
It was this fear which explained the development of a priestly caste whose function in society was to mollify and appease the angry deities .
It was the use of the supernatural that kept them in business .
`` The Germans in the fourth century were a very simple race , who comprehended little of natural laws , and who therefore referred phenomena they did not understand to supernatural intervention .
Yet , the idea imbedded in each was identical : to surround the unknown with mystery and to isolate that class which had been given special dominion over the secrets of God .
To Adams that age in which religion exercised power over the entire culture of the race was one of imagination , and it is largely the admiration he so obviously held for such eras that betrays a peculiar religiosity -- a sentiment he would have probably denied .
Stephens had written his classic `` incidents of travel '' about these regions a hundred years before , and Catherwood , who had studied Piranesi in London and the great ruins of Egypt and Greece , had drawn the splendid illustrations that accompanied the text .
He had unearthed Stephens's letters in a New Jersey farmhouse and he discovered Stephens's unmarked grave in an old cemetery on the east side of New York , where the great traveller had been hastily buried during a cholera epidemic .
Victor had been stirred by my account of him in Makers And Finders , for Stephens was one of the lost writers whom Melville had seen in his childhood and whom I was bent on resurrecting .
Moreover , he had spent six months on the Galapagos islands , among the great turtles that Captain Cook had found there , and now and then he would disappear into some small island of the West Indies .
I had had my name taken out of the telephone book , and this was partly because of a convict who had been discharged from Sing Sing and who called me night after night .
He said he was a friend of Heywood Broun who had run a free employment bureau for several months during the depression , but the generous Broun to whom I wrote did not know his name and I somehow conceived the morbid notion that the man in question was prowling round the house .
But one day came the voice of a man I had known when he was a boy , and I later remembered that this boy , thirty years before , had struck me as coming to no good .
There had been something sinister about him that warned me against him , -- I had never felt that way about any other boy , -- but when he uttered his name on the telephone I had forgotten this and I was glad to do what he asked of me .
Never hearing from him again , I remembered the little boy of whom I had had such doubts when he was ten years old .
We lived for a while in a movie melodrama with a German cook and her son who turned out to be Nazis .
To the Weston house came once William Allen Neilson , the president of Smith College who had been one of my old professors and who still called me `` Boy '' when I was sixty .
It reminded me of my other professor , Edward Kennard Rand , of whom I had been so fond when I was at Harvard , the great mediaevalist and classical scholar who had asked me to call him `` Ken '' , saying , `` Age counts for nothing among those who have learned to know life sub specie aeternitatis '' .
I must have written to say how much I had enjoyed his fine book The Building Of Eternal Rome , and I found he had not regretted giving me the highest mark in his old course on the later Latin poets , although in my final examination I had ignored the questions and filled the bluebook with a comparison of Propertius and Coleridge .
Two or three times , C. C. Burlingham came to lunch with us in Weston , that wonderful man who lived to be more than a hundred years old and whose birthplace had been my Wall Street suburb .
His reading ranged from Agatha Christie to The Book Of Job and he had an insatiable interest in his fellow-creatures , while his letters were full of gossip about new politicians and old men of letters with whom he had been intimately thrown six decades before .
I could never forget the gaiety with which , when he was both blind and deaf , he let me lead him around his rooms to look at some of the pictures ; ;
and once when he came to see us in New York he walked away in a rainstorm , unwilling to hear of a taxi or even an umbrella , although he was at the time ninety years old .
There were several men of ninety or more whom I knew first or last , all of whom were still productive and most of whom knew one another as if they had naturally come together at the apex of their lives .
I never met John Dewey , whose style was a sort of verbal fog and who had written asking me to go to Mexico with him when he was investigating the cause of Trotsky ; ;
At Lee Simonson's house , I had dined with Edith Hamilton , the nonogenarian rationalist and the charming scholar who had a great popular success with The Greek Way .
Then there was Mark Howe and there was Henry Dwight Sedgwick , an accomplished man of letters who wrote in the spirit of Montaigne and produced in the end a formidable body of work .
I saw Sedgwick often before his death at ninety-five , -- he had remarried at the age of ninety , -- and he asked me , when once I returned from Rome , if I knew the Cavallinis in the church of St. Cecilia in Trastevere .
Sedgwick had chosen to follow the philosophy of Epicurus whom , with his followers , Dante put in hell ; ;
but he defended the doctrine in The Art Of Happiness , and what indeed could be said against the Epicurean virtues , health , frugality , privacy , culture and friendship ? ?
Of Mark Antony De Wolfe Howe the philosopher Whitehead said the Earth's first visitors to Mars should be persons likely to make a good impression , and when he was asked , `` Whom would you send '' ? ?
Then I spoke at the ninetieth birthday party of W. E. Burghardt Du Bois , who embarked on a fictional trilogy at eighty-nine and who , with The Crisis , had created a Negro intelligentsia that had never existed in America before him .
Mr. Burlingham , -- `` C.C.B. '' -- wrote to me once about an old friend of mine , S. K. Ratcliffe , whom I had first met in London in 1914 and who also came out for a week-end in Weston .
His wife , Katie , `` as gay as a lark and as lively as a gazelle '' , -- she was then seventy-six , -- had `` a sense of humour that has been denied S.K. , but neither has any aesthetic perceptions .
S.K. was visiting C.C.B. and , not waiting for breakfast , he was off to the University Club , where he spent hours writing obituaries of living Americans for The Manchester Guardian or The Glasgow Herald .
However , at eighty-five , he had still been busy writing articles , reviewing and speaking , and I had never before known an Englishman who had visited and lectured in three quarters of the United States .
Finally , colleges and clubs took the line that speakers from England were not wanted any longer , even speakers like S.K. , so unlike the novelists and poets who had patronized the Americans for many years .
Many years later I went to see S.K. in England , where he was living at Whiteleaf , near Aylesbury , and he showed me beside his cottage there the remains of the road on which Boadicea is supposed to have travelled .
He was convinced that George Orwell's 1984 was nearly all wrong as it applied to England , which was `` driving forward into uncharted waters '' , with the danger of a new tyranny ahead .
`` But however we go , whatever our doom , it will not take the Orwellian shape '' .
With facts mainly in his mind , he was often acute in the matter of style , and he said , `` The young who have as yet nothing to say will try larks with initial letters and broken lines .
But put them before a situation which they are forced to depict '' , -- he was speaking of the Spanish civil war , -- `` and they have no hesitation ; ;
They would go to New York together , where parties would be piled on weariness and on misery .
Both Alfred Harcourt and Donald Brace had written him enthusiastic praise of Elmer Gantry ( any changes could be made in proof , which was already coming from the printer ) and they had ordered 140,000 copies -- the largest first printing of any book in history .
On New Year's Eve , Alfred Harcourt drove him up the Hudson to Bill Brown's Training Camp , a well-known establishment for the speedy if temporary rehabilitation of drunkards who could no longer help themselves .
He had been , he wrote Mencken at once , `` in the country '' , a euphemism for an experience that had not greatly changed him .
When he came home from his office at the end of the afternoon , Breasted never knew what gathering he should expect to find , but there almost always was one .
She was occupying herself in an attempt to write an article about the variety of houses that they had rented abroad .
He was of unsettled mind as to whether he should go abroad when the Gantry galleys were finished .
When Breasted insisted that this was impossible for him , Lewis decided to go abroad .
He telephoned L. M. Birkhead and asked him and his wife to come to Europe as his guests , but Birkhead declined on the grounds that one of them must be in the United States when Elmer Gantry was published .
Lewis told him what clothes he should bring along , and enjoined him not to buy anything that he did not already own , they would do that in New York .
Blackman arrived a day or two early , and Lewis took him to a department store immediately and outfitted him , luggage and all , and then he took him to a party at the Woodwards that went on until four in the morning .
On the evening that they were to sail , Lewis himself gave a party , but he was too indisposed to appear at it .
After a dinner party for which she had come down to New York , Mrs. Lewis and Casanova arrived to see them off , and Elinor Wylie made tart observations that indicated that Lewis had been less discreet than he had promised to be about the real nature of their separation .
And when questioned by ship's reporters about the separation , she said , `` I adore him , and he adores me '' .
But his rancor did not cease , and presently , on March 13 , when he preached a sermon on the text , `` And Ben-hadad Was Drunk '' , he told his congregation how disappointed he was in Mr. Lewis , how he regretted having had him in his house , and how he should have been warned by the fact that the novelist was drunk all the time that he was working on the book .
The Manchester Guardian wondered how anyone in a railway carriage would have an opportunity to talk to Mr. Lewis , since it was well known that Mr. Lewis always did all of the talking .
The New York Times editorialist wondered just who would stop Mr. Lewis and make him write a book .
Lewis's remarks about his marriage were suggestive enough to induce American reporters to invade the offices of Harcourt , Brace & Company for information , to pursue Mrs. Lewis to Cromwell Hall , and , after she had returned to New York , to ferret her out at the Stanhope on upper Fifth Avenue where she had taken an apartment .
There , to the Evening Post , she emphatically denied the divorce rumors and explained that she had stayed behind because of the schooling of their son , which henceforth would be strictly American .
He is said to have reported that once , when she went to a hospital to call on a friend after a serious operation , and the friend protested that it had been `` nothing '' , she replied , `` Well , it was your healthy American peasant blood that pulled you through '' .
With these and similar tales he was entertaining his English friends , all of whom he was seeing when he was not showing Blackman the sights of London and its environs .
At once upon his arrival , he telephoned Lady Sybil Colefax who invited them to tea , and then Lewis decided to give a party as a quick way of rounding up his friends .
Lewis , at the head of the table , would leap up and move around behind the chairs of his guests making remarks that , when not highly offensive , were at least highly inappropriate , and then presently he collapsed and was put to bed .
When Blackman emerged from the bedroom , everyone was gone except the tolerant Lord Thomson , who stayed and chatted with him for half an hour , and then Blackman lay awake most of that night , despairing of what he must expect on the Continent .
Finally , at dawn , he fell asleep , and when he awoke and came into the living room , he found Lewis in his pajamas before the fire , smoking a cigarette .
Lewis looked at him and began to cry , and then , saying that he was going to make a promise , he asked Blackman to call the porter and to tell him to take out all the liquor that he did not want .
`` And from now on , for the rest of this trip , I will only drink what you agree that I should drink '' .
Lewis gave him a guidebook tour of London and , motoring and walking , took him to Stratford , but the London stay was for only ten days , and on the twentieth they took the train for Southampton , where they spent the night for an early morning Channel crossing .
He suggested that they call on these brothers , who received them pleasantly .
Then he kept Blackman awake for more than an hour while he did an imaginary dialogue between his wife and himself in which , discussing the evening , he was continually berated .
As the total number of incepting bachelors in 1629 was , according to Masson ( Life , 1:218 ) and n , two hundred fifty-nine , the twenty-four names listed in the ordo senioritatis for that year constitute slightly less than one tenth of the total number of bachelors who then incepted .
The list was headed by ( Henry ) Hutton of St. John's who was matriculated from St. John's at Easter , 1625 .
The third name was ( John ) Ravencroft , who was admitted to the Inner Temple in November 1631 .
The fourth name was ( John ) Milton of Christ's College , followed by ( Richard ) Manningham of Peterhouse , who matriculated 16 October 1624 .
Small wonder that Milton later boasted of how well his work had been received there , since he attained a rank in the order of commencing bachelors higher than that of any other inceptor from Christ's of that year .
It is not possible to reconstruct fully the arrangements whereby these honors lists were then made up or even how the names that they contained assumed the order in which we find them .
It would , however , reach the proctors and other officers in charge of the public-school performances of the incepting bachelors , and the place that any individual obtained in the lists depended greatly on how he comported himself in the public schools during his acts therein as he was incepting .
Of course the higher officials could add or place a name on the list wherever they wished .
It differed from what an undergraduate receives today from any American college or university mainly in the certainty of what he was forced to learn compared with the loose and widely scattered information obtained today by most of our undergraduates .
He had also learned to dispute extempore remarkably well , the main evidence for which of course is the presence of his name in the honors list of 1628/29 .
And his performances attracted much attention , as the frequency of his surviving pieces in any calendar that may be set up for his undergraduate activities testifies .
His early poems and some of his prose prolusions speak of wanderings in the city and the neighboring country that may be extended to Cambridge and its surrounding countryside .
The Gog Magog Hills to the southeast afforded him and all other students a vantage point from which to view the town and university of their dwelling .
What manner of person does Milton appear to have been when as an undergraduate he resided at Christ's College ? ?
Graceful as his fencing and dancing lessons had taught him to be in addition to the natural grace of his slight , wiry frame , he cut enough of a figure to have evoked a nickname in the college , to which he himself referred in Prolusion 6 : :
The Domina sounds real enough , if we could only trust the conditions under which we learn of its use ; ;
but anyone who would put much trust in any phase of Prolusion 6 , except its illusive allusiveness deserves whatever fate may be meted out to him by virtue of the egregiously stilted banter .
the prolusion in which the autobiographic statement about the epithet occurs is such a mass of intentionally buried allusions that almost nothing in it can be accepted as true -- or discarded as false .
Milton was to act as the archfool , the supreme wit , the lightly bantering pater , Pater Liber , who could at once trip lightly over that which deserved such treatment , or could at will annihilate the common enemies of the college gathering , and with words alone .
To do this successfully required great skill and a special talent for both solemn and ribald raillery , a talent not bestowed on many persons , but one with which Milton was marked as being endowed and in which , at least in this performance , he obviously reveled .
It may be thought unfortunate that he was called on entirely by accident to perform , if again we may trust the opening of the oratio , for it marks the beginning for us of his use of his peculiar form of witty word play that even in this Latin banter has in it the unmistakable element of viciousness and an almost sadistic delight in verbally tormenting an adversary .
But the real beginnings of this development in him go back to the opposing of grammar school , and probably if it had not been this occasion and these Latin lines it would have been some others , such as the first prolusion , that set off this streak in him of unbridled and scathing verbal attack on an enemy .
But these prolusions that we have surviving from the Christ's College days are only one phase of his existence then .
Lines 23-36 of Lycidas later point to a friendship with Edward King , who entered Christ's College 9 June 1626 .
No other names among the young men in residence at the time seem to have been even suggested by Milton as those of persons with whom he in any way consorted .
But that scarcely means that he was the aloof , forbidding type of student who shared few if any activities with his fellows , the banter of the surviving prolusions providing enough evidence to deny this .
Apparently he was not a participant in the college or university theatricals , which he once attacked as utterly unworthy performances ( see Apology , 3:300 ) ; ;
Perhaps , in that short piece or letter written to Hartlib in which he sketched his scheme for educating young men , he merely overlooked that phase of their exercises .
On the other hand , the bright vision of the future has been directly stated in science fiction concerned with projecting ideal societies -- science fiction , of course , is related , if sometimes distantly , to that utopian literature optimistic about science , literature whose period of greatest vigor in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries produced Edward Bellamy's Looking Backward and H. G. Wells's A Modern Utopia .
Childhood's End -- apparently indebted to Kurd Lasswitz's Utopian romance , Auf Zwei Planeten ( 1897 ) , and also to Wells's Histories Of The Future , especially , The World Set Free ( 1914 ) and The Shape Of Things To Come ( 1933 ) -- describes the bloodless conquest of earth by the Overlords , vastly superior creatures who come to our world in order to prepare the human race for its next stage of development , an eventual merging with the composite mind of the universe .
Arriving just in time to stop men from turning their planet into a radioactive wasteland , the Overlords unite earth into one world in which justice , order , and benevolence prevail and ignorance , poverty , and fear have ceased to exist .
Both abolition of war and new techniques of production , particularly robot factories , greatly increase the world's wealth , a situation described in the following passage , which has the true utopian ring : `` Everything was so cheap that the necessities of life were free , provided as a public service by the community , as roads , water , street lighting and drainage had once been .
A man could travel anywhere he pleased , eat whatever he fancied -- without handing over any money '' .
Mankind , as a result , attains previously undreamed of levels of civilization and culture , a golden age which the Overlords , a very evident symbol of science , have helped produce by introducing reason and the scientific method into human activities .
Thus science is the savior of mankind , and in this respect Childhood's End only blueprints in greater detail the vision of the future which , though not always so directly stated , has nevertheless been present in the minds of most science-fiction writers .
Considering then the optimism which has permeated science fiction for so long , what is really remarkable is that during the last twelve years many science-fiction writers have turned about and attacked their own cherished vision of the future , have attacked the Childhood's End kind of faith that science and technology will inevitably better the human condition .
And they have done this on a very large scale , with a veritable flood of novels and stories which are either dystopias or narratives of adventure with dystopian elements .
Ray Bradbury's Fahrenheit 451 ( 1954 ) presents a book-burning society in which wall television and hearing-aid radios enslave men's minds ; ;
Frederick Pohl's `` The Midas Touch '' ( 1954 ) predicts an economy of abundance which , in order to remain prosperous , must set its robots to consuming surplus production ; ;
Clifford D. Simak's `` How-2 '' ( 1954 ) tells of a future when robots have taken over , leaving men nothing to do ; ;
and Robert Sheckley's The Status Civilization ( 1960 ) describes a world which , frightened by the powers of destruction science has given it , becomes static and conformist .
A more complete list would also include Bradbury's `` The Pedestrian '' ( 1951 ) , Philip K. Dick's Solar Lottery ( 1955 ) , David Karp's One ( 1953 ) , Wilson Tucker's The Long Loud Silence ( 1952 ) , Jack Vance's To Live Forever ( 1956 ) , Gore Vidal's Messiah ( 1954 ) , and Bernard Wolfe's Limbo ( 1952 ) , as well as the three perhaps most outstanding dystopias , Frederik Pohl and C. M. Kornbluth's The Space Merchants ( 1953 ) , Kurt Vonnegut's Player Piano ( 1952 ) , and John Wyndham's Re-Birth ( 1953 ) , works which we will later examine in detail .
The novels and stories like Pohl's Drunkard's Walk ( 1960 ) , with the focus on adventure and with the dystopian elements only a dim background -- in this case an uneasy , overpopulated world in which the mass of people do uninteresting routine jobs while a carefully selected , university-trained elite runs everything -- are in all likelihood as numerous as dystopias .
There is , of course , nothing new about dystopias , for they belong to a literary tradition which , including also the closely related satiric utopias , stretches from at least as far back as the eighteenth century and Swift's Gulliver's Travels to the twentieth century and Zamiatin's We , Capek's War With The Newts , Huxley's Brave New World , E. M. Forster's `` The Machine Stops '' , C. S. Lewis's That Hideous Strength , and Orwell's Nineteen Eighty-Four , and which in science fiction is represented before the present deluge as early as Wells's trilogy , The Time Machine , `` A Story Of The Days To Come '' , and When The Sleeper Wakes , and as recently as Jack Williamson's `` With Folded Hands '' ( 1947 ) , the classic story of men replaced by their own robots .
What makes the current phenomenon unique is that so many science-fiction writers have reversed a trend and turned to writing works critical of the impact of science and technology on human life .
Since the great flood of these dystopias has appeared only in the last twelve years , it seems fairly reasonable to assume that the chief impetus was the 1949 publication of Nineteen Eighty-Four , an assumption which is supported by the frequent echoes of such details as Room 101 , along with education by conditioning from Brave New World , a book to which science-fiction writers may well have returned with new interest after reading the more powerful Orwell dystopia .
In addition , there are many areas of the human situation besides the impact of science and technology which are examined , for science-fiction dystopias often extrapolate political , social , economic tendencies only indirectly related to science and technology .
How effectively these warnings can be presented is seen in Pohl and Kornbluth's The Space Merchants , Vonnegut's Player Piano and Wyndham's Re-Birth .
Easily the best known of these three novels is The Space Merchants , a good example of a science-fiction dystopia which extrapolates much more than the impact of science on human life , though its most important warning is in this area , namely as to the use to which discoveries in the behavioral sciences may be put .
The novel , which is not merely dystopian but also brilliantly satiric , describes a future America where one-sixteenth of the population , the men who run advertising agencies and big corporations , control the rest of the people , the submerged fifteen-sixteenths who are the workers and consumers , with the government being no more than `` a clearing house for pressures '' .
For example , even the most successful executive lives in a two-room apartment while ordinary people rent space in the stairwells of office buildings in which to sleep at night ; ;
What is wrong with advertising is not only that it is an `` outrage , an assault on people's mental privacy '' or that it is a major cause for a wasteful economy of abundance or that it contains a coercive tendency ( which is closer to the point ) .
Rather what Kornbluth and Pohl are really doing is warning against the dangers inherent in perfecting `` a science of man and his motives '' .
The Space Merchants , like such humanist documents as Joseph Wood Krutch's The Measure Of Man and C. S. Lewis's The Abolition Of Man , considers what may result from the scientific study of human nature .
If man is actually the product of his environment and if science can discover the laws of human nature and the ways in which environment determines what people do , then someone -- a someone probably standing outside traditional systems of values -- can turn around and develop completely efficient means for controlling people .
And this , of course , is exactly what Madison Avenue has been accused of doing albeit in a primitive way , with its `` hidden persuaders '' and what the space merchants accomplish with much greater sophistication and precision .
Pohl and Kornbluth's ad men have long since thrown out appeals to reason and developed techniques of advertising which tie in with `` every basic trauma and neurosis in American life '' , which work on the libido of consumers , which are linked to the `` great prime motivations of the human spirit '' .
And to do this requires first of all the kind of information about people which is provided by the scientists in industrial anthropology and consumer research , who , for example , tell Courtenay that three days is the `` optimum priming period for a closed social circuit to be triggered with a catalytic cue-phrase '' -- which means that an effective propaganda technique is to send an idea into circulation and then three days later reinforce or undermine it .
And the second requirement for convincing people without their knowledge is artistic talent to prepare the words and pictures which persuade by using the principles which the scientists have discovered .
Thus the copywriter in the world of the space merchants is the person who in earlier ages might have been a lyric poet , the person `` capable of putting together words that stir and move and sing '' .
Now the basic question to be asked in this situation is what motivates the manipulators , that is , what are their values ? ?
Yet even in the more extreme of such cases we seldom go very far astray in guessing what his age actually is .
But there is , nevertheless , always a subtle difference in the way in which supposedly similar opinions are held .
If it proclaims that the best is yet to be , it always arouses , at least in the young , either a suspicious question or perhaps the exclamation of the Negro youth who saw on a tombstone the inscription , `` I am not dead but sleeping '' .
We cannot truthfully say of anyone who has succeeded in entering deep into his sixties that he was never old .
Those famous lines of the Greek Anthology with which a fading beauty dedicates her mirror at the shrine of a goddess reveal a wise attitude : `` Venus , take my votive glass , Since I am not what I was , What from this day I shall be , Venus , let me never see '' .
The other reason ( and the one with which I am here concerned ) is that one thus becomes inclined to inquire of any opinion , or change of opinion , whether it represents the wisdom of experience or is only the result of the difference between youth and age which is as inevitable as the all too obvious physical differences .
Many readers of this department no doubt discount certain of my opinions for the simple reason that they can guess pretty accurately , even if they have never actually been told , what my age is .
I have known some men and women who said that the selves they are told about or even remember seem utter strangers to them now ; ;
but I am so aware of an uninterrupted continuity of the persona or ego that I see only as absurd the tendency of some psychologists from Heraclitus to Pirandello and Proust to regard consciousness as no more than a flux amid which nothing remains unchanged .
Fundamental values , temperament and the way in which one approaches a conviction change less , of course , than specific opinions .
That fact is very clearly illustrated in the case of the many present-day intellectuals who were Communists or near-Communists in their youth and are now so extremely conservative ( or reactionary , as many would say ) that they can define no important political conviction that does not seem so far from even a centrist position as to make the distinction between Mr. Nixon and Mr. Khrushchev for them hardly worth noting .
But in ways more fundamental than specific political opinions they are still what they always were : passionate , sure without a shadow of doubt of whatever it is that they are sure of , capable of seeing black and white only and , therefore , committed to the logical extreme of whatever it is they are temporarily committed to .
To those of my readers who find many of my opinions morally , or politically , or sociologically antiquated ( and I have reason to know that there are some such ) , I would like to say what I have already hinted , namely , that some of my opinions may indeed be subject to some discount on the simple ground that I am no longer young and therefore incapable of being youthful of mind .
Yet during the years when I was on the staff of The Nation , I tried to the limit the patience of the editors on almost every occasion when I was permitted to write an editorial having a bearing on a political or social question .
There are few things of which I am prouder than of that unblemished record .
Many of my friends at the time thought that I had received a well-deserved condemnation when Lincoln Steffens denounced me in a review of one of my books as a perfect example of the obsolete man who could understand and sympathize only with the dead past .
But he , as I can now retort , was the man who could see so short a distance ahead that after a visit to Russia he gave voice to the famous exclamation : `` I have seen the future and it works '' .
The favorite excuse of those who have now recanted their approval of communism is that they did not know how things would develop .
There was , it seems to me , enough in the openly declared principles and intentions of Russian leaders to alienate honorable men without their having to wait to see how it would turn out .
He asked me suddenly , `` What are your political opinions '' ? ?
When I first came across Samuel Johnson's pronouncement , `` the remedy for the ills of life is palliative rather than radical '' , it seemed to me to sum up the profoundest of political and social truths .
Why did I choose to fill these pages in this particular issue with this mixture of rather tenuous reflections and autobiography ? ?
I would , however , like to suggest that , wrong though I may be , the tendency to see dilemmas rather than solutions is one of which I have been a victim ever since I can remember , and therefore not merely a senile phenomenon .
Apropos of what some would call cynicism , I remember an anecdote the source of which I forget .
It concerns a small-town minister who staged an impressive object lesson by confining a lion and a lamb together in the same cage outside his church door .
One day he was visited by a delegation of would-be imitators who wanted to know his secret .
`` How on earth do you manage it ? ?
What is the trick '' ? ?
It is not something that can be expected to happen now .
Without really changing the general subject , I take this opportunity to confess that I am troubled by doubts , not only about pacifism , but also when asked to join in the protest against a law that most of those who consider themselves humane and liberal seem to regard as obviously barbarous ; ;
namely , the law that prescribes the death penalty for murder when there seem to be no extenuating circumstances .
Life , they say , should be regarded as sacred and , therefore , as something that neither an individual nor his society has a right to take away .
Andre Malraux's The Walnut Trees Of Altenburg was written in the early years of the second World War , during a period of enforced leisure when he was taken prisoner by the Germans after the fall of France .
The work as it stands is not the entire book that Malraux wrote at that time -- it is only the first section of a three-part novel called La Lutte avec l'Ange ; ;
and this first section was somehow preserved ( there are always these annoying little mysteries about the actual facts of Malraux's life ) when the Gestapo destroyed the rest .
But as he remarks in his preface to The Walnut Trees , `` a novel can hardly ever be rewritten '' , and `` when this one appears in its final form , the form of the first part will no doubt be radically changed '' .
Malraux pretends , perhaps with a trifle too self-conscious a modesty , that his fragmentary work will accordingly `` appeal only to the curiosity of bibliophiles '' and `` to connoisseurs of what might have been '' .
This magnificent but greatly underestimated book , which bodies forth the very form and pressure of its time as no other comparable creation , has suffered severely from having been written about an historical event -- the Spanish Civil War -- that is still capable of fanning the smoldering fires of old political feuds .
The whole purpose of Man's Hope is to portray the tragic dialectic between means and ends inherent in all organized political violence -- and even when such violence is a necessary and legitimate self-defense of liberty , justice and human dignity .
Nowhere before in Malraux's pages have we met such impassioned defenders of a `` quality of man '' which transcends the realm of politics and even the realm of action altogether -- both the action of Malraux's early anarchist-adventurers like Perken and Garine , and the self-sacrificing action of dedicated Communists like Kyo Gisors and Katow in Man's Fate .
It is this larger theme of the `` quality of man '' , a quality that transcends the ideological and flows into `` the human '' , which now forms the pulsating heart of Malraux's artistic universe .
Malraux , to be sure , does not abandon the world of violence , combat and sudden death which has become his hallmark as a creative artist , and which is the only world , apparently , in which his imagination can flame into life .
But while war still serves as a catalyst for the values that Malraux wishes to express , these values are no longer linked with the triumph or defeat of any cause -- whether that of an individual assertion of the will-to-power , or a collective attempt to escape from the humiliation of oppression -- as their necessary condition .
On the contrary , the frenzy and furor of combat is only the sombre foil against which the sudden illuminations of the human flash forth with the piercing radiance of a Caravaggio .
The narrator is an Alsatian serving with the French Army , and he has the same name ( Berger ) that Malraux himself was later to use in the Resistance ; ;
Much more important is to grasp the feelings of the narrator ( whose full name is never given ) as he becomes aware of the disorganized and bewildered mass of French prisoners clustered together in a temporary prison camp in and around the cathedral of Chartres .
`` As a writer , by what have I been obsessed these last ten years , if not by mankind ? ?
What does the narrator see and what does he feel ? ?
A good many pages of the first section are taken up with an account of the dogged determination of the prisoners to write to their wives and families -- even when it becomes clear that the Germans are simply allowing the letters to blow away in the wind .
And by a skillful and unobtrusive use of imagery ( the enclosure is called a `` Roman-camp stockade '' , the hastily erected lean-to is a `` Babylonian hovel '' , the men begin to look like `` Peruvian mummies '' and to acquire `` Gothic faces '' ) , Malraux projects a fresco of human endurance -- which is also the endurance of the human -- stretching backward into the dark abyss of time .
The narrator feels himself catching a glimpse of pre-history , learning of man's `` age-old familiarity with misfortune '' , as well as his `` equally age-old ingenuity , his secret faith in endurance , however crammed with catastrophes , the same faith perhaps as the cave-men used to have in the face of famine '' .
This new vision of man that the narrator acquires is also accompanied by a re-vision of his previous view .
But now he knows `` that an intellectual is not only a man to whom books are necessary , he is any man whose reasoning , however elementary it may be , affects and directs his life '' .
From this point of view the `` militant mobs '' of the past , stirred into action by one ideology or another , were all composed of `` intellectuals '' -- and this is not the level on which the essence of mankind can be discovered .
The entire middle section of The Walnut Trees is taken up with the life of Vincent Berger himself , whose fragmentary notes on his `` encounters with mankind '' are now conveyed by his son .
`` He was not much older than myself , '' writes the narrator , `` when he began to feel the impact of that human mystery which now obsesses me , and which makes me begin , perhaps , to understand him '' .
A professor at the University of Constantinople , where his first course of lectures was on Nietzsche and the `` philosophy of action '' , Vincent Berger becomes head of the propaganda department of the German Embassy in Turkey .
Vincent Berger's mission is a failure because the Ottoman nationalism on which Enver Pasha counted does not exist .
Central Asia is sunk in a somnolence from which nothing can awaken it ; ;
and amid a dusty desolation in which nothing human any longer seemed to survive , Vincent Berger begins to dream of the Occident .
And when Vincent Berger returns to Europe , this first result of his encounters with mankind is considerably enriched and deepened by a crucial revelation .
For a dawning sense of illumination occurs in consequence of two events which , as so often in Malraux , suddenly confront a character with the existential question of the nature and value of human life .
One such event is the landing in Europe itself , when the mingled familiarity and strangeness of the Occident , after the blank immensities of Asia , shocks the returning traveller into a realization of the infinite possibilities of human life .
`` This '' , he said , `` is exactly what has been happening between the politically free nations in the postwar world .
Citing the advances of Communist power in recent years , Sir Anthony observed : `` This very grave state of affairs will continue until the free nations accept together the reality of the danger that confronts them and unite their policies and resources to meet it '' .
Under these conditions a new generation of Europeans began to discover the bonds of long association and shared values that for so long had been subordinated to nationalist xenophobia .
A slow and painful trend toward unification has taken hold , a trend which may at any time be arrested and reversed but which may also lead to a binding federation of Europe .
In 1946 Sir Winston Churchill , who had spoken often of European union during the war , advocated the formation of `` a kind of United States of Europe '' .
What is required is the full implementation of Article 2 of the Treaty , which provides : `` The Parties will contribute toward the further development of peaceful and friendly international relations by strengthening their free institutions , by bringing about a better understanding of the principles upon which these institutions are founded , and by promoting conditions of stability and well-being .
It cannot become the source of a real Atlantic community if it remains organized to deal only with the military threat which first brought it into being '' .
The problem of NATO is not one of machinery , of which there is an abundance , but of the will to use it .
This machinery will not become the instrument of an Atlantic community by fiat , but only when that community evolves from potentiality to reality .
Conceived as an organ of economic cooperation , there is no reason why O.E.C.D. cannot evolve into a broader instrument of union if its members so desire .
Indeed it might be a more appropriate vehicle than NATO for the development of a parliamentary organ of the Atlantic nations , because it could encompass all of the members of the Atlantic community including those , like Sweden and Switzerland , who are unwilling to be associated with an essentially military alliance like Aj .
what is new and compelling is that the West is now but one of several powerful civilizations , or `` systems '' , and that one or more of the others may pose a mortal danger to the West .
History has demonstrated many times that concerts of nations based solely on the negative spur of common danger are unlikely to survive when the external danger ceases to be dramatically urgent .
Only when a concert of nations rests on the positive foundations of shared goals and values is it likely to form a viable instrument of long-range policy .
I believe that these proposals , however meritorious in terms of world needs , go far beyond our capacity to realize them .
The failures of the U.N. and of other international organs suggest that we have already gone beyond what was internationally feasible .
Lawrence Ferlenghetti and Bruce Lippincott have concentrated on writing a new poetry for reading with jazz that is very closely related to both the musical forms of jazz , and the vocabulary of the musician .
Although Patchen has given previous evidence of an interest in jazz , the musical group that he works with , the Chamber Jazz Sextet , is often ignored by jazz critics .
His first book , Before The Brave ( 1936 ) , is a collection of poems that are almost all Communistic , but after publication of this book he rejected Communism , and advocated a pacifistic anarchy , though retaining his revolutionary idiom .
He spoke for a `` proletariat '' that included `` all the lost and sick and hunted of the earth '' .
Running counter to the destroying forces in the world are all the virtues that are innate in man , the capacity for love and brotherhood , the ability to appreciate beauty .
Patchen envisions a Dark Kingdom which `` stands above the waters as a sentinel warning man of danger from his own kind '' .
Much of his earlier work was conceived in terms of a `` pseudo-anthropological '' myth reference , which is concerned with imaginary places and beings described in grandiloquent and travelogue-like language .
Beginning in Cloth Of The Tempest ( 1943 ) he experimented in merging poetry and visual art , using drawings to carry long narrative segments of a story , as in Sleepers Awake , and constructing elaborate `` poems-in-drawing-and-type '' in which it is impossible to distinguish between the `` art '' and the poetry .
In 1945 , probably almost every American not only knew who Sam Spade was , but had some kind of emotional feeling about him .
The revolution in jazz that took place around 1949 , the evolution from the `` bebop '' school of Dizzy Gillespie to the `` cool '' sound of Miles Davis and Lennie Tristano , Lee Konitz , and the whole legend of Charlie Parker , had made an impression on many academic and literary men .
The immense amount of interest that the new jazz had for the younger generation must have impressed him , and he began working toward the merger of jazz and poetry , as he had previously attempted the union of graphic art and poetry .
Rexroth uses many of his early poems when he reads to jazz , including many of his Chinese and Japanese translations ; ;
he usually draws some kind of comparison with the jazz tradition and the poem he is reading -- for instance , he draws the parallel between a poem he reads about an Oriental courtesan waiting for the man she loves , and who never comes , and the old blues chants of Ma Rainy and other Negro singers -- but usually the comparison is specious .
Patchen does read some of his earlier works to music , but he has written an entire book of short poems which seem to be especially suited for reading with jazz .
Many of these aspects will be seen as comparable to those of the ideal detective , but where the detective is active and militant , the jazz musician is passive , almost a victim of society .
He must become one who knows all about the injustice in the world , but who declines doing anything about it .
This angry and exasperated stance which Patchen has maintained in his poetry for almost fifteen years has been successfully modulated into a kind of woe that is as effective as anger and still expresses his disapproval of the modern world .
Perhaps Patchen was once involved in a train accident , and this passage from First Will And Testament may have been how the accident appeared to the poet when he first saw it -- if he did : ``
Let us see just how typical Krim is .
In any case , who ever thought that New York is typical of anything ? ?
They did not `` duck the war '' but they fought in it , however reluctantly ; ;
they did not fall into pseudo-glamorous jobs on pseudo-glamorous magazines , but they did whatever nasty thing they could get in order to eat ; ;
they found out who they were and what they could do , then within the limits of their talent they did it .
he displays what outlanders call the New York mind , a state that the subject is necessarily unable to perceive in himself .
their reading and thinking gave an extension to their normal blushes about appearing ' Jewish ' in subway , bus , racetrack , movie house , any of the public places that used to make the Jew of my generation self-conscious ( heavy thinkers walking across Seventh Avenue without their glasses on , willing to dare the trucks as long as they didn't look like the ikey-kikey caricature of the Yiddish intellectual ) .
This is not to deny the existence of pogroms and ghettos , but only to assert that these horrors have had an effect on the nerves of people who did not experience them , that among the various side effects is the local hysteria of Jewish writers and intellectuals who cry out from confusion , which they call oppression and pain .
`` I had natural sock '' , he says , ' as a storyteller and was precociously good at description , dialogue , and most of the other staples of the fiction-writer's trade but I was bugged by a mammoth complex of thoughts and feelings that prevented me from doing more than just diddling the surface of sustained fiction-writing '' .
And again , `` how can you write when you haven't yet read ' Bartleby The Scrivener ' '' ? ?
Then followed a period in which he wrote reviews for The New York Times Book Review , The Commonweal , Commentary , had a small piece in Partisan Review , and moved on to Hudson , The Village Voice , and Exodus .
It was `` the creation of a monstrous historical period wherein it thought it had to synthesize literature and politics and avant-garde art of every kind with its writers crazily trying to outdo each other in Spenglerian inclusiveness .
What Krim ignores , in his contempt for history and for accuracy , is that these magazines , Partisan foremost , brought about a genuine revolution in the American mind from the mid-thirties to approximately 1950 .
Without the good magazines , without their book reviews , their hospitality to European writers , without above all their awareness of literary standards , we might very well have had a generation of Krim's heroes -- Wolfes , Farrells , Dreisers , and I might add , Sandburgs and Frosts and MacLeishes in verse -- and then where would we be ? ?
When Partisan and Kenyon set up shop , Mencken was still accepted as an arbiter of taste ( remember Hergesheimer ? ?
Politics , economics , sociology -- the entire area of life that lies `` between '' -- literature and what Krim calls experience -- urgently needed to be dug into .
And it is also a fact of life that there will always ( be youngish half-educated people around , who will be dazzled by the glitter of what looks like a literary movement .
Literary movements are the '' , creation of pimps who live off writers .
) when Krim says mine was as severe a critical-intellectual , environment as can be imagined , he is off his rocker .
He indicates that he has none of the , disciplines that criticism requires , including education ; ;
The highly intellectual minds that Krim says he encountered , in the Village did their work in spite of , , not because of , any Village atmosphere .
Those who have quality will outgrow `` the experience ; ;
He mentions the beats only once '' , when he refers to their having revived through mere power and abandonment and the unwillingness to , commit death in life some idea of a decent equivalent between verbal expression and actual experience , , but the entire narrative , is written in the tiresome vocabulary `` of '' that lost `` and '' dying cause , `` and in the '' `` sprung syntax that is supposed to supplant , our mother , tongue .
My `` touchstones , had , been strictly '' literature and , humanly enough , American literature ( because that was what I wanted to write ) .
But , who knew , that might be coming one of these days .
There were other Italians who still bore scars they had earned in police station basements , resisting .
On his bookshelves were some of the latest American novels , including Bellow's Seize The Day , but he hadn't read them ( they were sent by American publishers ) and wasn't especially interested in what the American writers were up to .
He was thinking his way into a new novel , a big one , one that people had been waiting for .
He had bought a little piece of property down along the coast of the hard country of Calabria that he knew so well .
He knew all about the infection and the fever , and , too , the moment of realization when he saw for himself , threw up his hands and quit , ended the war as a prisoner in Texas .
Rimanelli is tough and square-built and adventurous , says what he thinks .
Around that statue in the green park where children play and lovers walk in twos and there is a glowing view of the whole city , in that park are the rows of marble busts of Garibaldi's fallen men , the ones who one day rushed out of the Porta San Pancrazio and , under fire all the way , up the long , straight narrow lane to take , then lose the high ground of the Villa Doria Pamphili .
When they lost it , the French artillery moved in , and that was the end for Garibaldi that time , on 30 April 1849 .
We had walked it many times and shivered , figuring what a fish barrel it had been for the French .
Now the park is filled with marble busts and all the streets in the immediate area have the full and proper names of the men who fell .
Our companion was a huge , plain-spoken American sculptor who had been a sixteen-year-old rifleman all across France in 1944 .
He said it was stupid butchery to order men to make a charge like that , no matter who gave the order and what for .
I thought : Who is older now ? ?
When it was over , eight of his company were still alive and all eight were wounded .
The whole thing , from the moment when they jumped heavily off the trucks , spread out and moved into position just behind the cover of that slight rise of ground and then jumped off , took maybe between twenty and thirty minutes .
The apartment where we were talking that afternoon in March faced onto the street Garibaldi's men had charged up and along .
Some of the marble busts in the park are of young Englishmen who fought and died for Garibaldi .
It is hard for me to know how I feel about Lauro Di Bosis .
He really didn't know how to fly .
It is remembered and has been commemorated by a bust in a park and a square in the city which was renamed Piazzo Lauro Di Bosis after the war .
The things that happened in police station basements were dirty , grubby , and most often anonymous .
That is how the real routine of resistance goes on , and its strength is directly proportionate to the number of insignificant people who can let themselves be taken to pieces , piece by piece , without quitting .
She showed us what had happened to her .
Just no spot , not even a dimesize spot , on her whole body that wasn't bruised , bruise on top of bruise , from beatings .
I understand very well about Lauro Di Bosis and how his action is symbolic .
I thought : What the hell ? ?
Why not ? ?
Though Garibaldi's fight was small shakes compared to Pickett's Charge -- which , like all Southerners , I view in almost Miltonic terms , fallen angels , etc. -- I associated the two .
She gave me the names of some people who would surely help pay for the flowers and might even march up to the monument with me .
Maybe I could call Rimanelli at the magazine Rottosei where he worked .
SBA offers Administrative Management Courses , which are designed to improve the management efficiency and `` know-how '' of small business concerns within a community .
These problems frequently arise where a firm is making items for the Government not directly along the lines of its normal civilian business or where the Government specifications require operations that the firm did not understand when it undertook the contract .
Production assistance often takes the form of locating tools or materials which are urgently needed .
The property sales assistance program is designed to assist small business concerns that may wish to buy property offered for sale by the Federal Government .
SBA works closely with the principal property disposal installations of the Federal Government in reviewing proposed sales programs and identifying those types of property that small business concerns are most likely to be interested in purchasing .
When suitable equipment is located by the SBA representative , the small business concern is contacted and advised on when , where , and how to bid on such property .
The Administration maintains a productive facilities inventory of small business industrial concerns that have voluntarily registered .
SBA makes loans to individual small business firms , providing them with financing when it is not otherwise available through private lending sources on reasonable terms .
SBA loans , which may be made to small manufacturers , small business pools , wholesalers , retailers , service establishments and other small businesses ( when financing is not otherwise available to them on reasonable terms ) , are to finance business construction , conversion , or expansion ; ;
A small business is defined as one which is independently owned and operated and which is not dominant in its field .
The amount which may be borrowed from the SBA depends on how much is required to carry out the intended purpose of the loan .
The maximum loan which SBA may make to any one borrower is $350,000 .
To be eligible to borrow from a Bank for Cooperatives , a cooperative must be an association in which farmers act together in processing and marketing farm products , purchasing farm supplies , or furnishing farm business services , and must meet the requirements set forth in the Farm Credit Act of 1933 , as amended .
To encourage exploration for domestic sources of minerals , the Office of Minerals Exploration ( OME ) of the U.S. Department of the Interior offers financial assistance to firms and individuals who desire to explore their properties or claims for 1 or more of the 32 mineral commodities listed in the OME regulations .
This help is offered to applicants who ordinarily would not undertake the exploration under present conditions or circumstances at their sole expense and who are unable to obtain funds from commercial sources on reasonable terms .
The applicant pays the rest of the cost , but his own time spent on the work and charges for the use of equipment which he owns may be applied toward his share of the cost .
Third , we can offer technical help in the formulation of programs for development which are adapted to the country's objectives and resources .
This includes assistance in -- assembling the basic economic , financial , technological , and educational information on which programing depends ; ;
designing the financial mechanisms of the economy in ways that will promote growth without inflation ; ;
and administrative practices which will make possible the more effective review and implementation of programs once established .
In the more primitive areas , where the capacity to absorb and utilize external assistance is limited , some activities may be of such obvious priority that we may decide to support them before a well worked out program is available .
At the other end of the spectrum , where the more advanced countries can be relied upon to make well thought through decisions as to project priorities within a consistent program , we should be prepared to depart substantially from detailed project approval as the basis for granting assistance and to move toward long-term support , in cooperation with other developed countries , of the essential foreign exchange requirements of the country's development program .
U.S. aid , therefore , should increasingly be designed to provide incentives for countries to take the steps that only they themselves can take .
On the other hand , it is no interference with sovereignty to point out defects where they exist , such as that a plan calls for factories without power to run them , or for institutions without trained personnel to staff them .
Once we have made clear that we are genuinely concerned with a country's development potential , we can be blunt in suggesting the technical conditions that must be met for development to occur .
In many societies , what we regard as corruption , favoritism , and personal influence are so accepted as consistent with the mores of officialdom and so integral a part of routine administrative practice that any attempt to force their elimination will be regarded by the local leadership as not only unwarranted but unfriendly .
There are other countries where , with skillful diplomacy , we may be able by our aid to give encouragement to those groups in government which would like to press forward with economic and social reform measures to promote growth .
But there will be still other countries where , despite the inadequacy of the level of self-help , we shall deem it wise , for political or military reasons , to give substantial economic assistance .
How long it will take to show substantial success in this effort will vary greatly from country to country .
In several significant cases , such as India , a decade of concentrated effort can launch these countries into a stage in which they can carry forward their own economic and social progress with little or no government-to-government assistance .
These cases in which light is already visible at the other end of the tunnel are ones which over the next few years will absorb the bulk of our capital assistance .
In still others which are barely on the threshold of the transition into modernity , the decade can bring significant progress in launching the slow process of developing their human resources and their basic services to the point where an expanded range of developmental activities is possible .
Many of the individual projects for which development assistance is required call for expenditures over lengthy periods .
or a skilled labor force is trained before there are plants available in which they can be employed .
They must be persuaded to adopt the other necessary self-help measures which are described in the preceding section .
The extent to which we can persuade the less developed countries to appraise their own resources , to set targets toward which they should be working , to establish in the light of this forward perspective the most urgent priorities for their immediate attention , and to do the other things which they must do to help themselves , all on a realistic long-term basis , will depend importantly on the incentives we place before them .
Perhaps the most important incentive for them will be clear evidence that where other countries have done this kind of home work we have responded with long-term commitments .
You have heard him tell these young people that during his almost 50 years of service in the Congress he has seen the Kaisers and the Hitlers and the Mussolinis , the Tojos and Stalins and Khrushchevs , come and go and that we are passing on to them the freest Nation that mankind has ever known .
You remember the words of President Kennedy a week or so ago , when someone asked him when he was in Canada , and Dean Rusk was in Europe , and Vice President Johnson was in Asia , `` Who is running the store '' ? ?
And he said , `` The same fellow who has been running it , Sam Rayburn '' .
Mr. Speaker , I ask unanimous consent that all Members who desire to do so may extend their remarks at this point in the record ; ;
and also that they may have 5 legislative days in which to extend their remarks .
For the dignity , the influence , and the power of the legislative branch of our Government -- it is a privilege for us to do honor to this great man who represents not alone his own district but all the people of our country .
At that time , he afforded me the courtesy of his busy workday for such length as I may need , to speak about my background , my hopes , my views on various national and local topics , and any problems that I may have been vexed with at the time .
He is most effective in the ordinary business of the House , and in the legislative accomplishments of this session , he easily rose to great occasion -- even at the height of unpleasantness and exciting legislative struggle -- and as the Nation witnessed these contests , he rose , even as admitted by those who differed with him , to the proportions of a hero and a noble partisan .
one who is thoroughly human , who affects no dignity , and who is endowed with real ability , genuine worth , and sterling honesty -- all dedicated to secure the best interests of the country he has loved and served so long .
In this hour of crisis , the wisdom , the dedication , the stabilizing force that he represents in current American government is an almost indispensable source of strength .
Here briefly in this humble tribute I have sought for some simple and succinct summation that would define the immense service of this patriot to his country .
What Sam Rayburn's life proves to us all is the magnificent lesson in political science that one can devotedly and with absolute dedication represent the seemingly provincial interests of one's own community , one's own district , one's own State , and by that help himself represent even better the sweep and scope of the problems of this the greatest nation of all time .
For what Sam Rayburn's life in this House teaches us is that loyalty and character are not divisive and there is no such thing as being for your country and neglecting your district .
This may not be the greatest but it certainly comes close to being the greatest lesson Sam Rayburn's career , up to this hour , teaches all of us who would aspire to distinction in political life under our processes of government .
But this we know : Here is a great life that in every area of American politics gives the American people occasion for pride and that has invested the democratic process with the most decent qualities of honor , decency , and self-respect .
I have a distinct admiration for this man we honor today because of the humility with which he carries his greatness .
And Sam Rayburn is a great man -- one who will go down in American history as a truly great leader of the Nation .
He will be considered not only great among his contemporaries , but as great among all the Americans who have played a part in the country's history since the beginning .
of his championship of many of the progressive social measures which adorn our statute books today , and of his cooperation in times of adversity with Presidents of both of our major parties in helping to pilot the Ship of State through the shoals of today's stormy international seas .
Above all , he is a person to whom a fledgling Representative can go to discuss the personal and professional problems which inevitably confront a new Congressman .
Meaningful policies include : ( A ) kinds of cars the state should own , ( B ) when cars should be traded , ( C ) the need and assignment of vehicles , ( D ) use of cars in lieu of mileage allowances , ( E ) employees taking cars home , and ( F ) need for liability insurance on state automobiles .
States which provide automobiles for employees assign them variously to the agency , the individual , or to a central pool .
Of these states the average `` change-over '' point ( at which a car is substituted for allowances ) is 13,200 miles per year .
Rhode Island's rate of $.07 per mile is considerably lower than reimburseable rates in the federal government and in industry nationally which approximate a $.09 per mile average .
Those that are available shed little light .
The best reason that can be advanced for the state adopting the practice was the advent of expanded highway construction during the 1920s and '30s .
Prior to 1942 , automobiles were the individual responsibility of the agency to which assigned .
It embraced determining when to purchase and when to trade vehicles , who was to drive , when and where repairs were to be made , where gasoline and automobile services were to be obtained and other allied matters .
This tied in closely with the current attempt to upgrade state-owned cars to the extent that vehicles are not retained beyond the point where maintenance costs ( in light of depreciation ) become excessive .
Where the pool excels is in its compilation of maintenance and cost-data studies and analyses .
Pool records reveal in detail the cost per mile and miles per gallon of each vehicle , the miles traveled in one year or three years , the periods when vehicle costs become excessive , and when cars should be traded for sound economies .
They estimate further that with sufficient experience and when cost-data of compact cars is compiled , the break-even point may be reduced to 7,500 miles of travel per year .
Requests are made by the motor pool along with any necessary cooperation from the agencies to which assignments of cars will be made .
This is a normal governmental procedure which reflects more accurately cost-accounting principles .
There was a time some years ago when local taxation by the cities and towns was sufficient to support their own operations and a part of the cost of the state government as well .
Since that time the demands of the citizens for new and expanded services have placed financial burdens on the state which could not have been foreseen in earlier years .
Thus , there has come into being a situation in which the state must raise all of its own revenues and , in addition , must give assistance to its local governments .
Consequently there have developed several forms of grants-in-aid and shared taxes , as well as the unrestricted grant to local governments for general purposes whose adoption accompanied the introduction of a sales tax at the state level .
Rhode Island law specifies that all real estate is taxable in the town in which it is situated .
Intangible property is taxable wherever the owner has a place of abode the greater portion of the year .
Although a similar situs for tangible property is mentioned in the statute , this is cancelled out by the provision that definite kinds of property `` and all other tangible property '' situated or being in any town is taxable where the property is situated .
The location of the latter now is determined for tax purposes at the time of registration , and it is now accepted practice to consider a motor vehicle as being situated where it is garaged .
Obviously , it would be impossible to determine where every vehicle might be on the 31st day of December .
Middletown bases its claim on the general provision of the law that `` all rateable property , both tangible and intangible , shall be taxed to the owner thereof in the town in which such owner shall have had his actual place of abode for the larger portion of the twelve ( 12 ) months next preceding the first day of April in each year '' .
The Smithfield tax assessor , in turn , claims the tax under the provision of law `` and all other tangible personal property situated or being in any town , in or upon any place of storage shall be taxed to such person in the town where said property is situated '' .
This problem of fair and equitable assessment of value is a difficult one to solve in that the determination of fair valuation is dependent on local assessors , who in general are non-professional and part-time personnel taking an individualistic approach to the problem .
An adequately staffed and equipped State assessing office could apply uniform methods and standards which would go far toward producing equitable assessments on all properties throughout the State .
A single statewide assessing unit would eliminate the differences and complications that are inherent in a system of 39 different and independent assessing units '' .
The resulting setup , it was declared , `` would be similar to that which is in successful operation in a number of metropolitan counties as large or larger than Rhode Island '' .
These opinions of the assessors are of significance in indicating what their thinking seems to be at the present time .
It is difficult to tabulate exactly what was meant in each individual situation , but the conclusion may be drawn that 21 towns do not assess movable personal property , and of the remainder only certain types are valued for tax purposes .
It would seem , then , that movable property and equipment is not taxed as a whole but that certain types are taxed in towns where this is bound to be expedient for that particular kind of personal property .
It is not clear , however , whether they are thinking of all movable property or only of boats , trailers , aircraft or certain other types of personal property whose assessment would be advantageous to their particular towns .
Another question that was asked of the assessors was whether they favored the assessment of movable property at its location or at the residence of the owner .
Eighteen voted for assessment by the town in which it is located and eleven preferred assessment by the town in which the owner resides .
Of those who have an opinion , it seems that assessment by location is preferred .
There was one vote for location being the place where the property is situated for the greater portion of the twelve months preceding the assessment date .
To summarize , it may be said that there is no one prevailing practice in Rhode Island with respect to the taxation of movable property , that assessors would like to see an improvement , and of those who have an opinion , that assessment by the town of location is preferred on the basis of their present knowledge .
It has been obvious to the assessors , particularly those in shore communities , that boats comprise the largest category of tangible personal property which they have been unable to reach .
It is obvious that this is a potential and lucrative source of revenue for the assessors of those towns where a substantial amount of such property would be subject to taxation .
No one really knows how many boats there actually are or what their aggregate value may be .
Only a few more than 10,000 boats had been registered with the Division of Harbors and Rivers at the end of the 1960 boating season , but many had been taken out of the water early when the threat of a hurricane brought the season to an early close .
What made these new location figures particularly impressive was the fact that although 1960 was a year of mild business recession throughout the nation , Rhode Island scored marked progress in new industry , new plants , and new jobs .
Leading firms that arranged their own financing included Speidel Corporation , Cornell-Dubilier , Photek , Inc. Division of Textron , Narragansett Gray Iron Foundry , W. R. Cobb Company , and Mays Manufacturing Company .
Industrial Division personnel worked with 54 out-of-state and 97 Rhode Island concerns during 1960 , many of whom are still interested in a Rhode Island location .
A primary function is the operation of a Government Bid Center , which receives bids daily from the Federal Government's principal purchasing agencies .
Assistance is rendered to interested Rhode Island businessmen concerning interpretation of bid invitations , where to obtain specifications , and follow-ups concerning qualification .
how and where to apply for financial assistance ; ;
This office cooperates with the U. S. Department of Commerce in giving statewide coverage to services which include : statistics on markets abroad ; ;
Our media advertising continued , during 1960 , its previous effective program that stressed such specifics as 100% financing , plant availabilities , and location advantages .
We also continued to run a series of ads featuring endorsement of Rhode Island by industrialists who had recently established new plants here .
Newspaper advertising was mainly concentrated in the New York Times and the Wall Street Journal ( Eastern and Midwestern editions ) which averaged two prominent ads per month , and to a lesser degree the New York Herald Tribune and , for the west coast , the Los Angeles Times and the Wall Street Journal ( Pacific Coast edition ) .
An important operation in soliciting industrial locations involves what we term `` Missionary calls '' by one of this Division's industrial promotion specialists .
The activities of the Planning Division are defined in considerable detail in the enabling act of the Development Council , which assigns to the agency both broad responsibilities and specific duties in the field of planning .
As the result of an exhaustive review of the recommendations contained in this report , plus an analysis of our own enabling act , the Planning Division developed a number of basic planning objectives which caused a reorientation of its work program .
The urban land use study carried out by the planning division staff has consisted of identifying and mapping all urban land uses which are of significance to statewide planning .
In eight states whose fiscal years close on June 30 , a majority of their cities close their fiscal year on December 31 : :
However , only Illinois , Oregon , Louisiana and Rhode Island have a situation in which the sundry units of government vary widely in relation to fiscal uniformity .
The uniform fiscal year brings the town's fiscal year into line with that of the schools , which expend the largest share of local disbursements .
When towns have the same fiscal year it is relatively easy to make meaningful comparisons ; ;
In any event it is a form of borrowing which could be and should be rendered unnecessary .
Its elimination would result in the saving of interest costs , heavy when short-term money rates are high , and in freedom from dependence on credit which is not always available when needed most .
It has been said that when local government revenues were mostly produced locally from the property tax , the lack of a uniform fiscal year was no great handicap ; ;
the other , is how to finance the transition .
It should be kept in mind that the ease or difficulty with which a town or city can convert to the proposed plan is directly dependent upon the financial condition of that town or city .
Fortunately , there are no cities or towns in the state , with one or two possible exceptions that are in too difficult a position to finance the proposed change .
the other is how to finance the adjustments when necessary .
What is important here is that many of the cities and towns recognize the need for improved fiscal practices and are taking the initiative to obtain them .
The remaining twenty-three towns have fiscal years which end prior to June 30 .
Aside from the matter of adjusting the fiscal and tax calendars , there is the problem of financing the adjustment when this is necessary .
each situation must be studied and a plan developed that takes into consideration such factors as the effect of the existing and prospective tax calendars , the financial condition of the treasuries , and the length of the transition interval .
Suitable plans range from those that are very easy to develop to those that are difficult to formulate and require borrowing ranging from short-term serial notes to long-term bonds .
The financial problem , where it exists , usually stems from the adoption of a budget for the transitional or adjustment period .
For those communities which have financial difficulties in effecting adjustments , there are a number of alternatives any one of which alone , or in combination with others , would minimize if not even eliminate the problem .
It commemorates the 185th anniversary of Rhode Island's Independence when , upon May 4 , 1776 , the General Assembly , by its action , established the first free republic in the New World .
As this year marks the centennial of the beginning of the Civil War , this fact is being commemorated with several exhibits throughout the State , but most of all paying tribute to the first Rhode Island Volunteers who rushed to the defense of the City of Washington , putting at the disposal of President Lincoln the only fully equipped and best trained regiment at this time .
In testimony whereof , I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the State to be affixed this 21st day of April , in the year of Our Lord , one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one and on Independence , the one hundred and eighty-fifth .
As the President has said , `` only when our arms are sufficient beyond doubt can we be certain that they will never be employed '' .
Armed Forces Day is the annual report on this investment , a public presentation designed to give our own people , and the people of other lands who stand with us for peace with freedom and justice , the best possible opportunity to see and understand what we have and why we have it .
It is the purpose of Armed Forces Day to give Americans an opportunity to honor men of the Armed Forces , those who have made the supreme sacrifice , those who remain to preserve our security .
In testimony whereof , I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the State to be affixed this 17th day of May , in the year of Our Lord , one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one , and of Independence , the one hundred and eighty-sixth .
The day is now appropriately set aside to honor the American men and women who have contributed to the success of our merchant marine fleet in peace and war .
In testimony whereof , I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the State to be affixed this 20th day of April , in the year of Our Lord , one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one , and of Independence , the one hundred and eighty-fifth .
In testimony whereof , I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the State to be affixed this 11th day of June , in the year of Our Lord , one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one , and of Independence , the one hundred and eighty-sixth .
The United Nations Charter sets forth standards which , if adhered to , will promote peace and justice throughout the world .
In testimony whereof , I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the State to be affixed this 5th day of July , in the year of Our Lord , one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one , and of Independence , the one hundred and eighty-sixth .
At that time it was a series of sophisticated social dances whose steps were often combined with other steps devised by the choreographer .
Ballet flowered in Italy during the next hundred years , and about 1550 was carried to France when the Italian princess , Catherine De Medicis , married the King of France .
The State Ballet of Rhode Island , the first incorporated group , was formed for the purpose of extending knowledge of the art of ballet in the Community , to promote interest in ballet performances , to contribute to the cultural life of the State , and to provide opportunity for gifted dance students who , for one reason or another , are unable to pursue a career and to develop others for the professional state ; ;
and now , therefore , do I , John A. Notte , Jr. , Governor of the State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations , proclaim the week of Monday , November 13 , 1961 , as the State Ballet of Rhode Island Week , requesting all Rhode Islanders to give special attention to this unusual event which should contribute to the cultural life of the State .
In testimony whereof , I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the State to be affixed this 23d day of October , in the year of Our Lord , one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one , and of Independence , the one hundred and eighty-sixth .
As another Thanksgiving draws near , let us take time out from the often hectic pace of our lives to try and recapture the feelings that filled the hearts of the Pilgrims on the first Thanksgiving .
They had been through trying times , but their faith in the Almighty had given them the courage and the strength to meet and overcome the many problems and difficulties that were the price they had to pay for freedom .
And as the Pilgrims bowed their heads in humble gratitude , they shared another feeling -- the anticipation of what the future held for them and their posterity .
They could not guess that from their concepts of liberty and freedom would some day be born a new nation that for years would be the symbol of hope to the oppressed countries of the world .
We who are living today may learn a valuable lesson from those who celebrated the first Thanksgiving Day .
And so , let us remember on this day not only to thank the Almighty Who gave hope and courage to the Pilgrims , but also to place our trust in Him that He will continue to protect us in the future as He has in the past .
In testimony whereof , I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the State to be affixed this 21st day of November , in the year of Our Lord , one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one and of Independence , the one hundred and eighty-sixth .
conduct engineering research and technical development work to determine , by laboratory and pilot plant testing , the results of the research and studies aforesaid in order to develop processes and plant designs to the point where they can be demonstrated on a large and practical scale ; ;
recommend to the Congress from time to time authorization for construction and operation , or for participation in the construction and operation , of a demonstration plant for any process which he determines , on the basis of subsections ( A ) and ( B ) above , has great promise of accomplishing the purposes of this Act , such recommendation to be accompanied by a report on the size , location , and cost of the proposed plant and the engineering and economic details with respect thereto ; ;
establish and operate necessary facilities and test sites at which to carry on the continuous research , testing , development , and programing necessary to effectuate the purposes of this Act ; ;
cause on-site inspections to be made of promising projects , domestic and foreign , and , in the case of projects located in the United States , cooperate and participate in their development in instances in which the purposes of this Act will be served thereby ; ;
Research and development activities undertaken by the Secretary shall be coordinated or conducted jointly with the Department of Defense to the end that developments under this Act which are primarily of a civil nature will contribute to the defense of the Nation and that developments which are primarily of a military nature will , to the greatest practicable extent compatible with military and security requirements , be available to advance the purposes of this Act and to strengthen the civil economy of the Nation .
The authority of the Secretary of the Interior under this joint resolution to construct , operate , and maintain demonstration plants shall terminate upon the expiration of twelve years after the date on which this joint resolution is approved .
Upon such sale , there shall be returned to any State or public agency which has contributed financial assistance under Section 3 of this joint resolution a proper share of the net proceeds of the sale .
The Secretary of the Interior or any duly authorized representative shall be entitled to admission to , and to require reports from the operator of , any metal or nonmetallic mine which is in a State ( excluding any coal or lignite mine ) , the products of which regularly enter commerce or the operations of which substantially affect commerce , for the purpose of gathering data and information necessary for the study authorized in the first section of this Act .
Such payments shall be made to small domestic producers of lead as long as the market price for common lead at New York , New York , as determined by the Secretary , is below 14-1/2 cents per pound , and such payments shall be 75 per centum of the difference between 14-1/2 cents per pound and the average market price for the month in which the sale occurred as determined by the Secretary .
Such payments shall be made to small domestic producers of zinc as long as the market price for prime western zinc at East Saint Louis , Illinois , as determined by the Secretary , is below 14-1/2 cents per pound , and such payments shall be 55 per centum of the difference between 14-1/2 cents per pound and the average market price for the month in which the sale occurred as determined by the Secretary .
The maximum amount of payments which may be made pursuant to this Act on account of sales of newly mined ores or concentrates produced therefrom made during the calendar year 1962 shall not exceed $4,500,000 ; ;
the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1963 shall not exceed $4,500,000 ; ;
the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1964 shall not exceed $4,000,000 ; ;
and the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1965 shall not exceed $3,500,000 .
During fiscal years 1959 and 1960 , there were 139 military and civilian students who came to the Institute for varying periods of special instruction .
Among the specific areas of concentration in which the staff is engaged , are such projects as biological and biochemical studies of the effects of microwaves ; ;
In support of the emphasis placed by the Department of Defense on instruction in emergency medical care , the Medical Illustration Service developed casualty simulation kits and rescue breathing manikins which are being field tested ; ;
This consists of 25 individual registries , two of which were added during fiscal years 1959-1960 ( The Registry Of Forensic Pathology and The Testicular Tumor Registry ) .
Nine new teaching Clinico-pathologic Conference sets were prepared , which makes a total of 70 types of teaching sets for loan .
This resulted in an improved appearance , but was followed by an increase in printing cost that necessitated the institution of major economies to keep within the total of allocated funds .
Replacing the discontinued Medical Technicians Bulletin , publication of which was suspended with the November-December 1959 issue , a section called `` Technical Notes '' was inaugurated on a bimonthly basis beginning with the April 1960 issue .
Another recent achievement was the successful development of a method for the complete combustion in a bomb calorimeter of a metal in fluorine when the product is relatively non-volatile .
This work gave a heat of formation of aluminum fluoride which closely substantiates a value which had been determined by a less direct method , and raises this property to 15 percent above that accepted a few years ago .
The accuracy of measuring the total electrical energy entering an exploding wire during a few microseconds was verified when two independent types of comparison with the heat energy produced had an uncertainty of less than 2 percent .
The opening action is obtained when a capacitor , charged to high voltage , is suddenly discharged through the foil .
This involves the application of a strong magnetic field to the radical vapor , which shifts the low-frequency spectra to a conveniently high microwave range , where they may be measured with optimum sensitivity .
Results of this experiment include the frequencies of the two strong spectral lines by which OH may be identified in interstellar gas ; ;
When values of temperature derived with this instrument were compared with the accepted values associated with liquid helium-4 vapor pressures , differences of about 10 and 7 millidegrees respectively were found .
Several germanium resistors have been thermally cycled from 300 to 4.2 Af and their resistances have been found to be reproducible within 1/3 millidegree when temperatures were derived from a vapor pressure thermometer whose tubing is jacketed through most of the liquid helium .
However , the surface temperature gradient can produce erroneous vapor-pressure measurements for the bulk liquid helium unless precautions are taken to isolate the tube ( which passes through the surface to the vapor pressure bulb ) from the liquid helium surface .
A prototype which fulfills the requirements was developed and thoroughly tested .
Spherical concave backing surfaces support the diaphragm when excessive pressures are applied and prevent the stresses within the diaphragm from exceeding the elastic limit .
Another effect discovered is the large coefficient of thermal diffusion tending to separate nitrogen from the oxygen when temperature differences straddling the nitrogen dissociation region are present .
The Symposium , which was jointly sponsored by the American Institute of Physics , the Instrument Society of America , and the National Bureau of Standards , attracted nearly one thousand registrants , including many from abroad .
Dr. A. V. Astin , NBS Director , opened the 5-day session with introductory remarks , following which a total of twenty-six papers were given throughout the week by NBS scientists , from both the Washington and Boulder Laboratories .
In addition to the basic programs in wavelength standards , spectroscopy , solid state physics , interactions of the free electron and atomic constants which are necessary to provide the foundation for technological progress , the Bureau has strengthened its activities in laboratory astrophysics .
A study of the hydrogen line profiles indicates that a measurement of these profiles can be used to calculate a temperature for the arc plasma that is reliable to about Af percent .
In connection with any claim decided by the Commission pursuant to this Title in which an award is made , the Commission may , upon the written request of the claimant or any attorney heretofore or hereafter employed by such claimant , determine and apportion the just and reasonable attorney's fees for services rendered with respect to such claim , but the total amount of the fees so determined in any case shall not exceed 10 per centum of the total amount paid pursuant to the award .
Whoever , in the United States or elsewhere , pays or offers to pay , or promises to pay , or receives on account of services rendered or to be rendered in connection with any such claim , compensation which , when added to any amount previously paid on account of such services , will exceed the amount of fees so determined by the Commission , shall be guilty of a misdemeanor , and , upon conviction thereof , shall be fined not more than $5,000 or imprisoned not more than twelve months , or both , and if any such payment shall have been made or granted , the Commission shall take such action as may be necessary to recover the same , and , in addition thereto , any such person shall forfeit all rights under this Title .
The Attorney General shall assign such officers and employees of the Department of Justice as may be necessary to represent the United States as to any claims of the Government of the United States with respect to which the Commission has jurisdiction under this title .
The Commission shall notify all claimants of the approval or denial of their claims , stating the reasons and grounds therefor , and if approved , shall notify such claimants of the amount for which such claims are approved .
Any claimant whose claim is denied , or is approved for less than the full amount of such claim , shall be entitled , under such regulations as the Commission may prescribe , to a hearing before the Commission , or its duly authorized representatives , with respect to such claim .
Provided , That nothing in this provision shall be construed to limit the life of the Commission , or its authority to act on future agreements which may be effected under the provisions of this legislation .
Payments made pursuant to this Title shall be made only to the person or persons on behalf of whom the award is made , except that -- ( 1 )
in the case of a partnership or corporation , the existence of which has been terminated and on behalf of which an award is made , payment shall be made , except as provided in paragraphs ( 3 ) and ( 4 ) , to the person or persons found by the Comptroller General of the United States to be entitled thereto ; ;
if a receiver or trustee for any such partnership or corporation , duly appointed by a court of competent jurisdiction in the United States , makes an assignment of the claim , or any part thereof , with respect to which an award is made , or makes an assignment of such award , or any part thereof , payment shall be made to the assignee , as his interest may appear ; ;
in the case of any assignment of an award , or any part thereof , which is made in writing and duly acknowledged and filed , after such award is certified to the Secretary of the Treasury , payment may , in the discretion of the Secretary of the Treasury , be made to the assignee , as his interest may appear .
Whenever the Secretary of the Treasury , or the Comptroller General of the United States , as the case may be , shall find that any person is entitled to any such payment , after such payment shall have been received by such person , it shall be an absolute bar to recovery by any other person against the United States , its officers , agents , or employees with respect to such payment .
Any person who makes application for any such payment shall be held to have consented to all the provisions of this Title .
and ( 2 ) such other special funds as may , in the discretion of the Secretary of the Treasury , be required each to be a claims fund to be known by the name of the foreign government which has entered into a settlement agreement with the Government of the United States as described in subsection ( A ) of Section 4 of this Title .
a special fund created for that purpose pursuant to subsection ( A ) of this section any amounts hereafter paid , in United States dollars , by a foreign government which has entered into a claims settlement agreement with the Government of the United States as described in subsection ( A ) of Section 4 of this Title .
after completing the payments prescribed by paragraphs ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) of this subsection , to make payments , from time to time in ratable proportions , on account of the unpaid principal of all awards in the principal amount of more than $1,000 , according to the proportions which the unpaid principal of such awards bear to the total amount in the fund available for distribution at the time such payments are made ; ;
This is a $14 million operation involving 3,500 employees who work on commuter traffic exclusively .
A blow to this phase of the Central's operations would have serious economic consequences not only to the railroad itself , but to the 40,000 people per day who are provided with efficient , reasonably priced transportation in and out of the city .
Though far from completion , these studies indicated beyond a doubt that savings would result which would be of unprecedented benefit to the railroads concerned , their investors , their customers , their users , and to the public at large .
Then , abandoning the studies in the face of their promising outlook for all concerned , B. & O. entered on-again-off-again negotiations with C. & O. which resulted in the present situation .
Obviously , the Interstate Commerce Commission will not force the New York Central to further curtail its commuter operations by giving undue competitive advantages to the lines that wish to merge .
We must ask ourselves which of the two alternatives will help the commuter -- the two-way B. & O. - C. & O. merger , or the three-way New York Central - B. & O. - C. & O. merger .
Which will serve not only the best interest of the stockholders , but the interests of all the traveling public ? ?
Mr. Sulzberger's successor as publisher is Mr. Orvil E. Dryfoos , who is president of the New York Times Co. , and who has been with the Times since 1942 .
Mr. Dryfoos' outstanding career as a journalist guarantees that the high standards which have made the Times one of the world's great newspapers will be maintained .
Mr. Oakes succeeds Charles Merz , editor since 1938 , who now becomes editor emeritus .
My heartiest congratulations go to their successors , Orvil E. Dryfoos and John B. Oakes , who can be counted upon to sustain the illustrious tradition of the New York Times .
Yesterday , I had the privilege of reading a thoughtful article in the U.S. News & World Report of May 8 which discussed this type of action in more detail , including both its advantages and its disadvantages .
Cuban S.S.R. : Whatever may have been the setbacks resulting from the unsuccessful attempt of the Cuban rebels to establish a beachhead on the Castro-held mainland last week , there was at least one positive benefit , and that was the clear-cut revelation to the whole world of the complete conversion of Cuba into a Russian-dominated military base .
In fact , one of the major reasons for the failure of the ill-starred expedition appears to have been a lack of full information on the extent to which Cuba has been getting this Russian military equipment .
Somehow , the pictures and stories of Soviet T-34 tanks on Cuban beaches and Russian Mig jet fighters strafing rebel troops has brought home to all of us the stark , blunt truth of what it means to have a Russian military base 90 miles away from home .
Once the full extent of this Russian military penetration of Cuba was clear , President Kennedy announced we would take whatever action was appropriate to prevent this , even if we had to go it alone .
But the Latin American republics who have been rather inclined to drag their feet on taking action against Castro also reacted swiftly last week by finally throwing Cuba off the Inter-American Defense Board .
efforts , as I see it , which are being directed , by the way , toward support for future actions , not for those already past .
What the next move will be only time , of course , will tell .
How can the United States act ? ?
This is the question now facing President Kennedy : How to put a stop to the Soviet buildup in Cuba and to Communist infiltration of this hemisphere ? ?
It would be the most severe reprisal , short of declared war , that the United States could invoke against Castro .
Once these conditions of international law are met , countries that try to run the blockade do so at their own risk .
Recognizing the limitations of such a program , the 78th Congress in 1943 passed P. L. 113 , which broadened the concept of rehabilitation to include the provision of physical restoration services to remove or reduce disabilities , and which revised the financing structure .
The Act further provides for a `` floor '' or minimum allotment , set at the 1954 level , which is called the `` base '' allotment , and a `` ceiling '' or maximum allotment , for each State .
The provisions are also designed to avoid disruption in State programs already in operation , which might otherwise result from the allotment of funds on the basis of wealth and population alone .
Determine for each State ( except the Virgin Islands , Guam and Puerto Rico , and , prior to 1962 , Alaska and Hawaii ) that percentage which bears the same ratio to 50% as the particular State's average per capita income bears to the average per capita income of the U. S. .
Determine the ratio that the amount being allotted is to the sum of the products for all the States .
( Each State's unadjusted allotment for any fiscal year , which exceeds its minimum allotment described in item 13 below by a percentage greater than one and one-half times the percentage by which the sum being allotted exceeds $23,000,000 , must be reduced by the amount of the excess .
Regardless of its unadjusted allotment , each State is guaranteed by law a minimum allotment each year equal to the allotment which it received in fiscal year 1954 -- increased by a uniform percentage of 5.4865771 which brings total 1954 allotments to all States up to $23,000,000 .
The funds recouped by reductions in item 12 above are used : first , to increase the unadjusted allotments to the specified minimum in those States where the unadjusted allotment is less than the minimum allotment ( item 13 above ) ; ;
and second , to increase uniformly the allotments to those States whose allotments are below their maximums , with adjustments to prevent the allotment of any State from thereby exceeding its maximum .
For the States which maintain two separate agencies -- one for the vocational rehabilitation of the blind , and one for the rehabilitation of persons other than the blind -- the Act specifies that their minimum ( base ) allotment shall be divided between the two agencies in the same proportion as it was divided in fiscal year 1954 .
Determine for each State ( except the Virgin Islands , Guam , Puerto Rico , and , prior to 1962 , Alaska and Hawaii ) , that percentage which bears the same ration to 40% as the particular State's average per capita income bears to the average per capita income of the United States .
When the roof blocks are all in place , the final rows of wall blocks are mortared into position .
The illustrations in fig. 8 show how to lay a concrete block wall .
This shelter could be built in regions where water or rock is close to the surface , making it impractical to build an underground shelter .
These are particularly suitable for regions where water or rock is close to the surface .
They form effective fallout shelters when mounded over with earth , as shown in figure 10 .
Another type of shelter which gives excellent fallout protection can be built as an added room to the basement of a home under construction .
Continuous low-level lighting may be provided in the shelter by means of a 4-cell hot-shot battery to which is wired a 150-milliampere flashlight-type bulb .
A flashlight or electric lantern also should be available for those periods when a brighter light is needed .
-- If there are outside windows in the basement corner where you build a shelter , they should be shielded as shown in the Appendix , page 29 .
Other basement windows should be blocked when an emergency threatens .
Basement walls that project above the ground should be shielded as shown in the Appendix , page 29 .
Forty-nine hours after an atomic burst the radiation intensity is only about 1 percent of what it was an hour after the explosion .
Radiation instruments suitable for home use are available , and would be of value in locating that portion of the home which offers the best protection against fallout radiation .
How long to stay in your shelter ; ;
How soon you may go outdoors ; ;
How long you may stay outside .
A checklist in the Appendix ( ( page 30 ) tells what is needed .
To break the monotony it may be necessary to invent tasks that will keep the family busy .
There will come a time in a basement shelter when the radiation has decayed enough to allow use of the whole basement .
Some families already have held weekend rehearsals in their home shelters to learn the problems and to determine for themselves what supplies they would need .
On the ground floor the radiation would be about half what it is outside .
The Federal Government is aiding local governments in several places to survey residential , commercial and industrial buildings to determine what fallout protection they would provide , and for how many people .
The fact that sticks out in this voluminous record is that the bulk of Du Pont's production has always supplied the largest part of the requirements of the one customer in the automobile industry connected to Du Pont by a stock interest .
It rested its decision solely on 7 , which reads in pertinent part : ``
No corporation engaged in commerce shall acquire , directly or indirectly , the whole or any part of the stock or other share capital of another corporation engaged also in commerce , where the effect of such acquisition may be to substantially lessen competition between the corporation whose stock is so acquired and the corporation making the acquisition , or to restrain such commerce in any section or community , or tend to create a monopoly of any line of commerce .
Section 7 is designed to arrest in its incipiency not only the substantial lessening of competition from the acquisition by one corporation of the whole or any part of the stock of a competing corporation , but also to arrest in their incipiency restraints or monopolies in a relevant market which , as a reasonable probability , appear at the time of suit likely to result from the acquisition by one corporation of all or any part of the stock of any other corporation .
Indeed , as already noted , the Court proceeded on the assumption that the executives involved in the dealings between Du Pont and General Motors acted `` honorably and fairly '' and exercised their business judgment only to serve what they deemed the best interests of their own companies .
The statutory policy of fostering free competition is obviously furthered when no supplier has an advantage over his competitors from an acquisition of his customer's stock likely to have the effects condemned by the statute .
On the basis of the findings which led to this conclusion , the Court remanded the case to the District Court to determine the appropriate relief .
At the outset , the Government's spokesman explained that counsel for the Government and for Du Pont had already held preliminary discussions with a view to arriving at a relief plan that both sides could recommend to the court .
Christiana Securities Company and Delaware Realty & Investment Company , major stockholders in Du Pont , and the stockholders of Delaware were dealt with specially by provisions requiring the annual sale by a trustee , again over a ten-year period , of Du Pont's General Motors stock allocable to them , as well as any General Motors stock which Christiana and Delaware owned outright .
and General Motors and Du Pont were to be ordered to terminate any agreement that provided for the purchase by General Motors of any specified percentage of its requirements of any Du Pont manufactured product , or for the grant of exclusive patent rights , or for a grant by General Motors to Du Pont of a preferential right to make or sell any chemical discovery of General Motors , or for the maintenance of any joint commercial enterprise by the two companies .
In the case of taxpaying corporate stockholders , the measure would be the lesser of the fair market value of the shares or Du Pont's tax basis for them , which is approximately $2.09 per share .
Du Pont would be enjoined from having as a director , officer , or employee anyone who was simultaneously an officer or employee of General Motors , and no director , officer , or employee of Du Pont could serve as a director of General Motors without court approval .
By making inroads in the name of law enforcement into the protection which Congress has afforded to the marriage relationship , the Court today continues in the path charted by the recent decision in Wyatt v. United States , 362 U.S. 525 , where the Court held that , under the circumstances of that case , a wife could be compelled to testify against her husband over her objection .
One need not waver in his belief in virile law enforcement to insist that there are other things in American life which are also of great importance , and to which even law enforcement must accommodate itself .
Petitioner , who claims to be a conscientious objector , was convicted of violating 12a of the Universal Military Training and Service Act by refusing to be inducted into the armed forces .
Petitioner was not denied due process in the administrative proceedings , because the statement in question was in his file , to which he had access , and he had opportunities to rebut it both before the hearing officer of the Department of Justice and before the appeal board .
Petitioner , who claims to be a conscientious objector , contends that he was denied due process , both in the proceedings before a hearing officer of the Department of Justice and at trial .
There followed a customary Department of Justice hearing , at which petitioner appeared .
We found in Gonzales v. United States , supra , that this was the controlling reason why copies of the recommendation should be furnished a registrant .
We said there that it was necessary `` that a registrant be given an opportunity to rebut ( the Department's ) recommendation when it comes to the Appeal Board , the agency with the ultimate responsibility for classification '' .
We fail to see how such procedure resulted in any prejudice to petitioner's contention , which was considered by the appeal board and denied by it .
As was said in Gonzales , `` it is the Appeal Board which renders the selective service determination considered ' final ' in the courts , not to be overturned unless there is no basis in fact .
But there are other contentions which might be considered more difficult .
nor did he elaborate just what favorable evidence the Federal Bureau of Investigation reports might disclose .
It is not essentially different from a memorandum of an attorney in the Department of Justice , of which the Attorney General receives many , and to which he may give his approval or rejection .
It is but part of the whole process within the Department that goes into the making of the final recommendation to the appeal board .
In the light of these circumstances , as well as the fact that the issue at trial in this respect centered entirely on the Department's recommendation , which petitioner repudiated but which both the appeal board and the courts below found supported by the record , we find no relevancy in the hearing officer's report and notes .
He did receive a resume of it -- the same that was furnished the appeal board -- and he made no claim of its inaccuracy .
With this enlarged role in mind , I should like to make a few suggestions : What we in the United States do or do not do will make a very large difference in what happens in the rest of the world .
If there is anything which we can do in the executive branch of the Government to speed up the processes by which we come to decisions on matters on which we must act promptly , that in itself would be a major contribution to the conduct of our affairs .
What I am suggesting is that when we delay , or when we fail to act , we do so intentionally and not through inadvertence or through bureaucratic or procedural difficulties .
The responsibility for taking the initiative in generating ideas is that of every officer in the Department who has a policy function , regardless of rank .
While observing the operations of our Government in various parts of the world , I have felt that in many situations where our policies were good we have tended to ignore minor problems which spoiled our main effort .
the attitudes of a U.N. delegate who experiences difficulty in finding adequate housing in New York City , or of a foreign diplomat in similar circumstances in our Capital , can easily be directed against the United States and all that it stands for .
Sometimes those who know about them are too far down the line to be able to do anything about them .
I would hope that we could create the recognition in the Department and overseas that those who come across little things going wrong have the responsibility for bringing these to the attention of those who can do something about them .
He is expected to know about what is going on among the representatives of other agencies who are stationed in his country .
If any official operation abroad begins to go wrong , we shall look to the ambassador to find out why and to get suggestions for remedial action .
It occurred to me that you might be interested in some thoughts which I expressed privately in recent years , in the hope of clearing up a certain confusion in the public mind about what foreign policy is all about and what it means , and of developing a certain compassion for those who are carrying such responsibilities inside Government .
I tried to do so by calling to their attention some of the problems that a senior departmental policy officer faces .
The policy officer lives with his antennae alerted for the questions which fall within his range of responsibility .
His first thought is about the question itself : Is there a question here for American foreign policy , and , if so , what is it ? ?
For he knows that the first and sometimes most difficult job is to know what the question is -- that when it is accurately identified it sometimes answers itself , and that the way in which it is posed frequently shapes the answer .
Chewing it over with his colleagues and in his own mind , he reaches a tentative identification of the question -- tentative because it may change as he explores it further and because , if no tolerable answer can be found , it may have to be changed into one which can be answered .
Meanwhile he has been thinking about the facts surrounding the problem , facts which he knows can never be complete , and the general background , much of which has already been lost to history .
He is appreciative of the expert help available to him and draws these resources into play , taking care to examine at least some of the raw material which underlies their frequently policy-oriented conclusions .
He knows that he is thinking about action in relation to a future which can be perceived but dimly through a merciful fog .
But he takes his bearings from the great guidelines of policy , well-established precedents , the commitments of the United States under international charters and treaties , basic statutes , and well-understood notions of the American people about how we are to conduct ourselves , in policy literature such as country papers and National Security Council papers accumulated in the Department .
He will not be surprised to find that general principles produce conflicting results in the factual situation with which he is confronted .
He must think about which of these principles must take precedence .
He must deal with the question of how to manage a part when it cannot be handled without relation to the whole -- when the whole is too large to grasp .
He must think of others who have a stake in the question and in its answer .
Who should be consulted among his colleagues in the Department or other departments and agencies of the Government ? ?
Which American ambassadors could provide helpful advice ? ?
What is the probable attitude of other governments , including those less directly involved ? ?
How and at what stage and in what sequence are other governments to be consulted ? ?
If action is indicated , what kind of action is relevant to the problem ? ?
For , if so , the path leads through a complex process of parliamentary diplomacy which adds still another dimension to the problem .
What type of action can hope to win public support , first in this country and then abroad ? ?
And , given probable public attitudes -- about which reasonably good estimates can be made -- what action is called for to insure necessary support ? ?
If we sit here reading editorials and looking at public-opinion polls and other reports that cross our desks , we should realize that this is raw , undigested opinion expressed in the absence of leadership .
What the American people will do turns in large degree on their leadership .
We cannot test public opinion until the President and the leaders of the country have gone to the public to explain what is required and have asked them for support for the necessary action .
I doubt , for example , that , 3 months before the leadership began to talk about what came to be the Marshall plan , any public-opinion expert would have said that the country would have accepted such proposals .
The problem in the policy officer's mind thus begins to take shape as a galaxy of utterly complicated factors -- political , military , economic , financial , legal , legislative , procedural , administrative -- to be sorted out and handled within a political system which moves by consent in relation to an external environment which cannot be under control .
Peace Corps volunteers obviously should not be paid what they might earn in comparable activities in the United States .
Nor would it be possible in many cases for them to live in health or any effectiveness on what their counterparts abroad are paid .
Wherever possible they should live with their host country counterparts .
When the aid operations are reorganized the Peace Corps should remain a semi-autonomous , functional unit .
Meanwhile , the Peace Corps could be physically located in ICA's facilities and depend on the State Department and ICA for administrative support and , when needed , program assistance .
The Peace Corps can either begin in very low gear , with only preparatory work undertaken between now and when Congress finally appropriates special funds for it -- or it can be launched now and in earnest by executive action , with sufficient funds and made available from existing Mutual Security appropriations to permit a number of substantial projects to start this summer .
There would , however , be a variety of other skills -- medical , agricultural , engineering -- which would be called for in the first year through the private agency programs and through the provision of technician helpers to existing development projects .
If it is decided to make a small shift which may be required from military aid or special assistance funds , in order to carry out the purposes of the Mutual Security Act through this new peaceful program , this will be a hopeful sign to the world .
The extent to which participating bodies such as U. S. voluntary agencies , universities , international organizations , and the host country or institutions in the host country can and should share the cost of the Peace Corps programs must be fully explored .
No matter how well conceived and efficiently run , there probably will be failures .
The letters home , the talks later given by returning members of the Peace Corps , the influence on the lives of those who spend two or three years in hard work abroad -- all this may combine to provide a substantial popular base for responsible American policies toward the world .
And this is meeting the world's need , too , since what the world most needs from this country is better understanding of the world .
The Peace Corps thus can add a new dimension to America's world policy -- one for which people here and abroad have long been waiting .
Throughout the world the people of the newly developing nations are struggling for economic and social progress which reflects their deepest desires .
Our own freedom , and the future of freedom around the world , depend , in a very real sense , on their ability to build growing and independent nations where men can live in dignity , liberated from the bonds of hunger , ignorance and poverty .
To meet this urgent need for skilled manpower we are proposing the establishment of a Peace Corps -- an organization which will recruit and train American volunteers , sending them abroad to work with the people of other nations .
There is little doubt that the number of those who wish to serve will be far greater than our capacity to absorb them .
Inventory and evaluate wildlife habitat resources in cooperation with other Federal agencies and with the States in which National Forests and Grasslands are located , as a basis for orderly development of wildlife habitat improvement and coordination programs , including ( A ) big-game , gamebird , and small-game habitat surveys and investigations on the 186 million acres of National Forests and Grasslands , ( B ) fishery habitat surveys and investigations on the 81,000 miles of National Forest fishing streams and nearly 3 million acres of lakes and impoundments , and ( C ) participation in planning , inspection , and control phases of all habitat improvement , land and water use projects conducted on National Forest lands by States , other Federal agencies , and private groups to assure that projects will benefit wildlife and be in harmony with other resource values .
The long-range objective is to hold the damage from destructive agencies below the level which would seriously interfere with intensive management of the National Forest System under principles of multiple use and high-level sustained yield of products and services .
In the 10-year period , it is proposed that insect and disease control on the National Forest System be stepped up to a level of prevention , detection , and control of insect and disease infestations that will substantially reduce the occurrence of large infestations toward the end of the initial period .
Continuation of present blister rust control work plus extension of control to 250,000 acres not now protected but which should be managed for white pine production .
Expansion , modernization , and development of fire control to a proficiency and strength of force which will prevent as many fires as possible and suppress fires before they spread beyond permitted standards .
Control would be limited to those rodents for which economical means of control are known .
The transportation system which serves the National Forests is a complex of highways and access roads and trails under various ownerships and jurisdictions .
These are mostly through highways that carry traffic going from one destination to another .
Because administration of the forest highway system is a responsibility of the Secretary of Commerce with maintenance provided by the States and counties , this Development Program for the National Forests does not include estimates of the funds needed to maintain the forest highway system nor to construct the additions to it that are needed .
These roads are largely of less than highway standards , and usually carry traffic which is related to use of the National Forests .
It is estimated that about 542,250 miles of forest development roads , and 80,000 miles of trails , constitute the system that will eventually be needed to obtain the maximum practicable yield and use of the wood , water , forage , and wildlife and recreation resources of the National Forests on a continuing basis .
the volume of timber that can be marketed , especially for small sales and the support of dependent communities and small business enterprises ; ;
The existence of road systems permits an intensity of management and use for all National Forest purposes that is not otherwise possible .
Furthermore , roads that give access to National Forest timber are investments which pay their own way over a period of years .
The long-range objective of this Department is to provide and maintain a system of forest development roads and trails which will adequately service the National Forest System at the levels needed to meet expected needs and optimum production of products and services .
Approximately 40 percent of the value of the work on roads for access to timber which are planned for this period will be constructed by purchasers of National Forest timber , but paid for by the Government through adjustment of stumpage prices .
In many others , the previous patenting of land under the public land laws , or the way in which land was available for purchase , resulted in a scattered pattern of ownership .
One consequence is the occurrence of occasional conflicts because private owners of some inholdings object to public programs of use on neighboring National Forest or other Federal land , or because such ownerships are developed for uses that are not compatible with use for the public of neighboring National Forest land .
And some , which are suitable for tree growing and for other National Forest purposes , are unmanaged or in need of expensive rehabilitation , and are contributing nothing to the economy ; ;
The long-range objective is to bring about consolidation of ownership through use of land exchange authority and through purchase on a moderate scale of inholdings which comprise key tracts for recognized National Forest programs such as recreation development , or which are a source of damage to lands in National Forests and National Grasslands .
Our military forces must be capable of contending successfully with any contingency which may be forced upon us , from limited emergencies to all-out nuclear general war .
I endorse pending legislation that will restore the traditional relationship between retired and active duty pay rates .
-- Expenditures for operating and maintaining the stations and equipment of the Armed Forces are estimated to be $10.3 billion in 1961 , which is $184 million more than in 1960 .
A substantial increase is estimated in the cost of operating additional communications systems in the air defense program , as well as in all programs where speed and security of communications are essential .
In total , these increases in operating costs outweigh the savings that result from declining programs and from economy measures , such as reduced numbers of units and installations , smaller inventories of major equipment , and improvements in the supply and distribution systems of the Armed Forces .
The decreases , which are largely in construction and in aircraft procurement , are offset in part by increases for research and development and for procurement of other military equipment such as tanks , vehicles , guns , and electronic devices .
New obligational authority for 1961 recommended in this budget for aircraft procurement ( excluding amounts for related research and construction ) totals $4,753 million , which is $1,390 million below that enacted for 1960 .
The Department of Defense appropriation acts for the past several years have contained a rider which limits competitive bidding by firms in other countries on certain military supply items .
The last few years have witnessed what have been perhaps the most rapid advances in military technology in history .
This has necessitated a continuous review and reevaluation of the defense program in order to redirect resources to the newer and more important weapons systems and to eliminate or reduce effort on weapons systems which have been overtaken by events .
Thus , in the last few years , a number of programs which looked very promising at the time their development was commenced have since been completely eliminated .
Another example is the recent cancellation of the F-108 , a long-range interceptor with a speed three times as great as the speed of sound , which was designed for use against manned bombers in the period of the mid-1960's .
Considering the high cost of the F-108 system -- over $4 billion for the force that had been planned -- and the time period in which it would become operational , it was decided to stop further work on the project .
Notable in this category are the Jupiter and Thor intermediate range ballistic missiles , which have been successfully developed , produced , and deployed , but the relative importance of which has diminished with the increasing availability of the Atlas intercontinental ballistic missile .
This project was started at a time when there was a critical need for a high-energy fuel to provide an extra margin of range for high performance aircraft , particularly our heavy bombers .
The cost of developing a major weapon system is now so enormous that the greatest care must be exercised in selecting new systems for development , in determining the most satisfactory rate of development , and in deciding the proper time at which either to place a system into production or to abandon it .
One of the important and difficult decisions which had to be made in this budget concerned the role of the B-70 , a long-range supersonic bomber .
This aircraft , which was planned for initial operational use about 1965 , would be complementary to but likewise competitive with the four strategic ballistic missile systems , all of which are scheduled to become available earlier .
one B-52 can do the work of several B-47's which it will replace .
At that time consideration will be given to whether in the light of the United States supplies of rice available for Title 1 , disposal , India's production , consumption and stocks of food grains , other imports from the United States and countries friendly to the United States , India's storage capacity , and other related factors , any increase would be possible in the portion of the total rice programmed which is currently planned for procurement during the first year .
The Government of India agrees that it will take all possible measures to prevent the resale or transshipment to other countries or the use for other than domestic purposes ( except where such resale , transshipment or use is specifically approved by the Government of the United States of America ) , of the surplus agricultural commodities purchased pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement , and to assure that the purchase of such commodities does not result in increased availability of these or like commodities for export from India .
In witness whereof , the respective representatives , duly authorized for the purpose , have signed the present Agreement .
Upon receipt of an application which the Export-Import Bank is prepared to consider , the Export-Import Bank will inform the Department of Economic Affairs of the identity of the applicant , the nature of the proposed business , the amount of the proposed loan , and the general purposes for which the loan proceeds would be expended .
When the Export-Import Bank is prepared to act favorably upon an application , it will so notify the Department of Economic Affairs and will indicate the interest rate and the repayment period which would be used under the proposed loan .
When the Export-Import Bank approves or declines the proposed loan , it will notify the Department of Economic Affairs .
It is agreed that any goods delivered or services rendered after the date of this agreement for projects within categories A , B , and C under paragraph 2 above which may later be approved by the United States will be eligible for financing from currency granted or loaned to the Government of India .
The books and records with respect to each project shall be maintained for the duration of the project , or until the expiration of three years after final disbursement for the project has been made by the United States , whichever is later .
This broad delegation leaves within our discretion ( subject to the always-present criterion of the public interest ) both the determination of what degree of interference shall be considered excessive , and the methods by which such excessive interference shall be avoided .
Whenever two or more standard broadcast stations operate simultaneously on the same or closely adjacent frequencies , each interferes to some extent with reception of the other .
The extent of such interference -- which may be so slight as to be undetectable at any point where either of the stations renders a usable signal , or may be so great as to virtually destroy the service areas of both stations -- depends on many factors , among the principal ones being the distance between the stations , their respective radiated power , and , of particular significance here , the time of day .
With the existence of these many factors , some of them variable , it obviously has never been and is not now possible for the Commission to make assignments of AM stations on a case-to-case basis which will insure against any interference in any circumstances .
Rather , such assignments are made , as they must be , on the basis of certain overall rules and standards , representing to some extent a statistical approach to the problem , taking into account for each situation some of the variables ( e.g. , power and station separations ) and averaging out others in order to achieve the balance which must be struck between protection against destructive interference and the assignment of a number of stations large enough to afford optimum radio service to the Nation .
An example of the overall standards applied is the 20-to-1 ratio established for the determination of that degree of cochannel interference which is regarded as objectionable .
By this standard , it is determined that where two stations operating on the same frequency are involved , objectionable interference from station A exists at any point within the service area of station B where station A's signal is of an intensity one-twentieth or more of the strength of station B's signal at that point .
The 20-to-1 ratio for cochannel interference embodies one of the fundamental limiting principles which we must always take into account in AM assignments and allocations -- that signals from a particular station are potential sources of objectionable interference over an area much greater than that within which they provide useful service .
But during nighttime hours the skywave radiations are reflected from the ionosphere , thereby creating the possibility of one station's rendering service , via skywave , at a much greater distance than it can through its groundwave signal , and at the same time vastly complicating the interference problem because of the still greater distance over which these skywave signals may cause interference to the signals of stations on the same and closely adjacent frequencies .
during the same period around sunrise , skywave transmission is declining , until at about 2 hours after sunrise it reaches a point where it becomes of little practical significance .
However , in this case as elsewhere it was necessary to arrive at a single standard to be applied to all situations , representing an averaging of conditions , and thus to fix particular points in time which would be considered the dividing points between daytime and nighttime conditions .
Class 2 , stations operating on clear channels are required to cease operation or operate under nighttime restrictions beginning either at local sunset ( for daytime class 2 , stations ) or sunset at the location of the dominant class 1 , station where located west of the class 2 , station ( for limited-time class 2 , stations ) .
The same restrictions apply after local sunset in the case of class 3 , stations operating on regional channels , which after that time are required to operate under nighttime restrictions in order to protect each other .
The rules and policies to be applied in this process of course must be based on objectives which represent what is to be desired if radio service is to be of maximum use to the Nation .
With respect to skywave service rendered at night , class 1 , -- A stations are the only stations permitted to operate in the United States on clear channels specified for class 1 , -- A operation , and so render skywave service free from cochannel interference whereever they may be received ; ;
But nighttime operation by stations of other classes of course entails skywave interference to groundwave service , interference which is substantial unless steps are taken to minimize it .
During nighttime hours , because of the intense skywave propagation then prevailing , no large number of stations can be permitted to operate on one of these channels , if the wide area service for which these frequencies are assigned is to be rendered satisfactorily by the dominant stations which must be relied upon to render it .
Therefore , under our longstanding allocation rules , on some of these channels no station other than the dominant ( class 1 ) -- A ) station is permitted to operate at night , so that the 1 , -- A station can render service , interference free , wherever it can be received .
In 1947 , affidavits were filed with the Commission by various clear-channel stations alleging that extensive interference was being caused to the service areas of these stations during daylight hours , from class 2 , stations whose signals were being reflected from the ionosphere so as to create skywave intereference .
If the last day ( due date ) for performing any act for tax purposes , such as filing a return or making a tax payment , etc. , falls on Saturday , Sunday , or a legal holiday , you may perform that act on the next succeeding day which is not a Saturday , Sunday , or legal holiday .
Nonresident aliens living in Canada or Mexico who earn wages in the United States may be subject to withholding of tax on their wages , the same as if they were citizens of the United States .
Suppose John Jones , who , for 1960 , filed on the basis of a calendar year , died June 20 , 1961 .
Any failure to file timely returns or make estimated tax payments when due must be fully explained .
If you are unable to sign the request , because of illness or other good cause , another person who stands in close personal or business relationship to you may sign the request on your behalf , stating the reason why you are unable to sign .
Citizens of the United States who , on April 15 , are not in the United States or Puerto Rico , are allowed an extension of time until June 15 for filing the return for the preceding calendar year .
Interest at the rate of 6% a year must be paid on taxes that are not paid on or before their due date .
If your computation on Form 1040 or Form 1040A shows you owe additional tax , it should be remitted with your return unless you owe less than $1 , in which case it is forgiven .
If you file Form 1040A and the District Director computes your tax , any refund to which you are entitled will be mailed to you .
Send your return to the Director of Internal Revenue for the district in which you have your legal residence or principal place of business .
A minor child is allowed A personal exemption of $600 on his own return regardless of how much money he may earn .
Since he had gross income of $600 or more , he must file a return in which he may claim an exemption deduction of $600 .
A minor who has gross income of less than $600 is entitled to a refund if income tax was withheld from his wages .
You may deduct these payments even though your child uses the money to purchase his own clothing or other necessities which you are normally obligated to furnish him , and even though you may be entitled to his services .
The one- or two-season hunt , of which there have been too many recently , may do more harm than good ; ;
for such programs raise hopes of assistance toward achieving excellence in scholarship and the arts which are dashed when the programs are discontinued ; ;
For the making of selections on the basis of excellence requires that any foundation making the selections shall have available the judgments of a corps of advisors whose judgments are known to be good : such judgments can be known to be good only by the records of those selected , by records made subsequent to their selection over considerable periods of time .
Their locations in all parts of the United States , and their locations in the several kinds of educational and research institutions that are the principal homes of our intellectual and artistic strengths also are factors in the Trustees' minds .
That we had the wit and wisdom to adopt Mr. Lowell's concept and make it the base for our processes of selection is one reason why our selections have been , it may be said truly , pretty uniformly good .
For , in accordance with Mr. Lowell's concept of an advisory board , our selections are made by experienced selectors who give both constancy and consistency to our processes and our choices .
To the members of our Advisory Board , and most specially to its members who constitute our committees of selection , the Foundation is indebted for its successes of choice of Fellows .
and quality of advice , added to devotion to the Foundation's purposes and ideals , we do get from our Advisory Board in measures so full that they can be appreciated only by those of us who work here every day .
But the facts about our Advisory Board and its members' duties are only one of several sets of facts about the quest for advice , both reliable and imaginative , on which to base our selections of Fellows .
For example , the interest of past members of the Foundation's Advisory Board remains such that they place their knowledge and judgments at our disposal much as they had done when they were , formally , members of that Board .
And , besides , there are a large number of scholars , artists , composers of music , novelists , poets , essayists , choreographers , lawyers , servants of government , and men of affairs -- hundreds , indeed -- who serve the Foundation well with the advice they give us freely and gratis out of their experience .
To all , the Foundation gives the kind of thanks which are more than thanks : to them we are grateful beyond the possibility of conveying in words how grateful we are .
and by their demanding tend to create resources of men's minds and hearts which problems with easy answers do not bring forth .
Winston Churchill's Olympian , optimistic and resolute sayings when Britain stood alone against the armed forces of tyranny less than twenty years ago ; ;
It gives , indeed , cause for rejoicing to remember what many catastrophes of the past produced ; ;
These were educated men , who , as Mr. Justice Holmes was fond of saying , formed their inductions out of experience under the burden of responsibility .
But as all understand who have eyes to see , nothing of the kind has happened ; ;
And the reason this could happen is clear : men of government , business men , lawyers and all who concerned themselves with the welfare of their fellow men did not let their concern to run their businesses at a profit restrict the development of freedom and opportunity .
The essence of contract is that one is free to make a choice of what one will or will not do .
But when there is not freedom and opportunity to choose , men -- individual men -- must remain in status and society does not , cannot , progress .
And lest anybody think that considerations such as these are not germane in a foundation report , let me enlighten them with the truths that , under Communism there would have been no capital with which to endow the Foundation , and that there would not be that individual freedom within which the Fellows might proceed , untrammeled in every way , toward their discoveries , their creative efforts for the good of mankind .
Indeed , if pressed , we would say what the late Robert Henri , American painter , said to a pupil , `` Anything will do for a subject : it's what you do with it that counts '' .
When the Brown & Sharpe Manufacturing Company reached its 125th year as a going industrial concern during 1958 , it became an almost unique institution in the mechanical world .
This enterprise led to a father-and-son combination beginning in 1833 , under the name D. Brown & Son , a business which eventually grew into the modern corporation we now call Brown & Sharpe .
Joseph Brown continued in business by himself , quickly rebuilding the establishment which had been lost in the fire and beginning those first steps which were to establish him as a pioneer in raising the standards of accuracy of machine shop practice throughout the world .
Mr. Sharpe's arrival in the business did indeed provide what Mr. Brown had most coveted -- time for `` tinkering '' , and the opportunity of carrying out in the back room those developments in precision graduation which most interested him at that time .
That development , in turn , formed the foundation of still more significant expansions in later years -- in gear cutting , in circular graduating , in index drilling , and in many other fields where accuracy was a paramount requirement .
As the story goes , Mr. Gibbs , who originally came from the back counties of the Commonwealth of Virginia , saw an illustration in a magazine of the famous Howe sewing machine .
Curious as to what made it work , he built a crude model of it in wood , and filed a piece of steel until he succeeded in making a metal pickup for the thread , enabling the crude machine to take stitches .
When he showed this model as his `` solution '' as to how the Howe sewing machine operated , he was told he was `` wrong '' , and discovered to his amazement that the Howe Machine , which was unknown to him in detail , used two threads while the one that he had perfected used only one .
Thus was invented the single thread sewing machine , which Mr. Gibbs in partnership with Mr. Willcox decided to bring to Brown & Sharpe with the proposal that the small company undertake its manufacture .
The child of this problem was Mr. Brown's famous Serial No. 1 Universal Milling Machine , the archtype from which is descended today's universal knee-type milling machine used throughout the world .
During the Civil War period Mr. Brown also invented the Brown & Sharpe formed tooth gear cutter , a basic invention which ultimately revolutionized the world's gear manufacturing industry by changing its basic economics .
Mr. Brown's invention achieved this and , as a byproduct , formed the cornerstone of Brown & Sharpe's position of leadership in the gear making equipment field which lasted until the 1920's when superceded by other methods .
So it was that when Mr. Brown and Mr. Sharpe first saw the French tool on exhibition in Paris in 1868 , they brought a sample with them to the United States and started Brown & Sharpe in yet another field where it retains its leadership to this day .
That achievement was his creation of the universal grinding machine , which made its appearance in 1876 at the Philadelphia Centennial Exposition .
Following Mr. Brown's death , there came forward in the Brown & Sharpe organization many other men who contributed greatly to the development of the company .
Perhaps the outstanding standard bearer of Mr. Brown's tradition for accuracy was Mr. Oscar J. Beale , whose mechanical genius closely paralleled that of Mr. Brown , and whose particular forte was the development of the exceedingly accurate measuring machinery that enabled Brown & Sharpe to manufacture gages , and therefore its products , with an accuracy exceeding anything then available elsewhere in the world .
He was an ardent champion of the Brown & Sharpe Apprentice Program and personal counselor to countless able men who first developed their industrial talents with the company .
In one sense it can be said that one of the most important Brown & Sharpe products over the years has been the men who began work with the company and subsequently came to places of industrial eminence throughout the nation and even abroad .
Recently added is the Brown & Sharpe turret drilling machine which introduces the company to an entirely new field of tool development .
Our research and development program , serving as it does an industry which must compete against low-cost production throughout the world , continues to have primary emphasis at Leesona .
This program is based on the policy of designing and building efficient machines which will help produce better textile values -- fabrics whose cost in relation to quality , fashion and utility provide the consumer with better textile products for the money .
It is equipped with electronic controls that can be set to hold precise tension and speed .
A project for the Air Force has been completed in which the NAIR infrared detecting device was developed for area monitoring of noxious or dangerous gases .
We are initiating research on the use of solid state materials for infrared detection using a method which will not require cooling of materials to attain high sensitivity .
Our plan is to keep abreast of these advances , and select for development those fields which seem most promising for our special capabilities .
Early in August we broke ground for a new $3,500,000 plant in Warwick , Rhode Island , which will house our textile and coil winding machinery operations .
It will be transfered on completion to The Industrial Foundation of Rhode Island , a non-profit organization , which will reimburse us for the cost of construction .
We believe that these improved facilities will contribute income and effect savings which will fully justify the investment .
The basic market for textiles is growing with the expansion of the population that began 20 years ago .
Another growth factor is increased consumer demand for better quality and larger quantities of fabrics that go with a rising standard of living .
As a designer and manufacturer of textile production machinery , Leesona and other companies in its industry have sought to meet this challenge with new or improved equipment and methods that would increase production , yet maintain both quality and flexibility .
The problem of efficient production in textiles is complicated by the fact that the industry serves large markets which shift quickly with changes of fashion in apparel or home decoration .
All students are invited to participate in any of the musical organizations for which they qualify .
Carleton aims throughout its entire teaching program to represent a point of view and a spirit which will contribute to the moral and religious development of its students .
These services at which attendance is voluntary are led by the Chaplain , by the President of the College , by selected faculty members , students , and visitors .
Dramatic activity at the College is organized and carried on by The Carleton Players , which is to say by all students who are so inclined to advance these aims .
The policies which govern the program 2 .
A student who while in attendance at Carleton College participates in an athletic contest during the school year , other than that sponsored by the College , shall be permanently ineligible to participate in intercollegiate athletics at Carleton College and will also face permanent suspension from the institution .
The `` C '' club is composed of the men of the College who have won an official letter in Carleton athletics .
in addition to the miscellaneous pamphlets and other printed matter which it issues , the College maintains regular publications , as follows :
KARL provides experience for students who wish to pursue careers in radio .
the Carleton Student Association includes all students in college and is intended `` to work for the betterment of Carleton College by providing student government and student participation with the college administration in the formulation and execution of policies which pertain to student life and activities '' .
The shift in sentiment from excessive optimism early in the year to the present mood of caution has probably been a good thing , in that it has prevented the accumulation of the burdensome inventories that have characterized many previous swings in the business cycle .
Separate phonographs also had a good year , reflecting the growing popularity of stereo sound and the same tendency on the part of the consumer to upgrade that characterized the radio-TV market .
1960 witnessed another substantial increase in our industry's shipments of military electronics , which totalled about $5.4 billion compared to $4.9 billion in 1959 .
It is interesting to note that the present level of military electronics procurement is greater than the industry's total sales to all markets in 1950-1953 , which were good years for our industry with television enjoying its initial period of rapid consumer acceptance .
It has been correctly pointed out by well-informed people in the industry that it is probably unrealistic to expect a continuation of the yearly growth of 15% or better that characterized the decade of the 1950's , and that our military markets may be entering upon a new phase in which procurement of multiple weapons systems will give way to concentration of still undeveloped areas of our defense capability .
While this may well be true in general , I believe it is also important to keep in mind that some recent developments suggest that over the next year or so military electronics may be one of the most strongly growing areas in an economy which is not expanding rapidly in other directions .
The stepped-up defense procurement called for in the 1961 Budget has already begun to make itself felt in an upturn in orders for military electronic equipment and the components that go into it , and it has been suggested that an additional $2 billion increase in total defense spending may be requested for fiscal 1962 .
In the military field , incoming orders turned down early in the year , and remained rather slow until late fall when the upturn in procurement of equipment began to make itself felt in rising orders for components .
Mr. Devey's new responsibilities are in addition to those of his present post as marketing manager of Sprague's Special Products Group , which manufactures a wide line of digital electronic components , packaged component assemblies , and high temperature magnet wires .
Mr. Devey first came to Sprague in 1953 as a Product Specialist in the Field Engineering Department , coming from the Office of Naval Research in Washington , D. C. , where he was an electronic scientist engaged in undersea warfare studies .
He was named Product Manager of the Special Products Division of Sprague when it was founded in 1958 , and was later promoted to his present post .
Since faculty see themselves as self-employed professionals rather than as employees , enthusiasm in a common enterprise is proportionate to the sense of ownership they have in it by virtue of sharing in the decisions that govern its course .
How well do faculty members govern themselves ? ?
Letting the administration take details off their hands would give them more time to inform themselves about education as a whole , an area that would benefit by more faculty attention .
Although faculties insist on governing themselves , they grant little prestige to a member who actively participates in college or university government .
There are , nevertheless , several things that the president can do to stimulate participation and to enhance the prestige of those who are willing to exercise their privilege .
To increase faculty influence and decrease tension , many presidents have established a standing advisory committee with which they can discuss problems frankly .
The president has little influence in day-by-day curricular changes , but if he looks ahead two , three , or five years to anticipate issues and throw out challenging ideas , he can open the way for innovation , and he can also have a great deal to say as to what path it will take .
The president who appoints strong men who have an all-college or university point of view and a talent and respect for administration can count on useful assistance .
By supporting the efforts of the many faculty members who are working to attain ever higher standards , the president can encourage faculty leadership .
There are certain aspects of personnel development in which a president must involve himself directly .
No one can be as effective as the president in inspiring older men to welcome imaginative new teachers whose philosophy or approach to their specialties is quite different .
On those rare occasions when a faculty member on tenure is not meeting the standards of the institution , the president must also bear the ultimate burden of decision and action .
A true university , like most successful marriages , is a unity of diversities Without forcing all components into a single pattern , the preparation of a master plan is an opportunity to consider interrelation of knowledge at its highest level , which a university -- in contrast to a multiversity -- should stand for .
Before deciding where it is going , however , a college or university must know where it is .
The president's opportunity for influencing education reaches its highest point , as he decides which projects he will cut back , which he will advance by increased allowances or new fund-raising efforts .
No matter how high the hopes and dreams of educators , budget making adjusts them to the cold realities of dollars and cents .
When the budget goes to trustees for approval it is the president's budget , to which his faith and credit are committed ; ;
He reviews and shapes the work of others to mold a single joint product that will best promote the aims of the institution .
In the areas that do not relate directly to the educational program , expert subordinates will serve the college or university better than close presidential attention .
Higher education cannot compete with the salary scales of the business world , but an educational institution can offer many potent intangible attractions to members of the business community that will offset the differences in income .
Declinations and substitutions are better received when he explains why his obligations to his institution preclude his acceptance .
By sharing the load of important speeches with his colleagues , the president can develop a cadre of able spokesmen who will help to create a public perception of the university as an institution , something more than the lengthened shadow of one man .
The results of present observations of the thermal radio emission of the moon are consistent with the very low thermal conductivity of the surface layer which was derived from the variation in the infrared emission during eclipses ( e.g. , Garstung , 1958 ) .
When sufficiently accurate and complete measurements are available , it will be possible to set limits on the thermal and electrical characteristics of the surface and subsurface materials of the moon .
Observations of the radio emission of a planet which has an extensive atmosphere will probe the atmosphere to a greater extent than those using shorter wave lengths and should in some cases give otherwise unobtainable information about the characteristics of the solid surface .
Mars has been observed twice at about 3-cm wave length , and the intensity of the observed radiation is in reasonable agreement with the thermal radiation which might be predicted on the basis of the known temperature of Mars .
In spite of this , the very large radio reflectors and improved amplifying techniques which are now becoming available should make it possible to observe the radio emission of most of the planets in a few years .
and that the maximum of the radio emission came about 3-1/2 days after Full Moon , which is again in contrast to the infrared emission , which reaches its maximum at Full Moon .
Piddington and Minnett explained their observations by pointing out that rocklike materials which are likely to make up the surface of the moon would be partially transparent to radio waves , although opaque to infrared radiation .
The infrared emission could then be assumed to originate at the surface of the moon , while the radio emission originates at some depth beneath the surface , where the temperature variation due to solar radiation is reduced in amplitude and shifted in phase .
The radio emission of a planet was first detected in 1955 , when Burke and Franklin ( 1955 ) identified the origin of interference-like radio noise on their records at about 15 meters wave length as emission from Jupiter .
Steady radiation which was presumably of thermal origin was observed from Venus at 3.15 and 9.4 cm , and from Mars and Jupiter at 3.15 cm in 1956 ( Mayer , McCullough , and Sloanaker , 1958 , A , B , C ) , and from Saturn at 3.75 cm in 1957 ( Drake and Ewen , 1958 ) .
The measurements made with the NRL 50-foot reflector , which is altitude-azimuth-mounted , would have shown a systematic change with local hour angle in the measured intensities of Venus and Jupiter if a substantial part of the radiation had been linearly polarized .
The received radiation is compared with the radiation from a hypothetical black body which subtends the same solid angle as the visible disk of the planet .
The apparent black-body disk temperature is the temperature which must be assumed for the black body in order that the intensity of its radiation should equal that of the observed radiation .
The radio radiation of the sun which is reflected from the moon and planets should be negligible compared with their thermal emission at centimeter wave lengths , except possibly at times of exceptional outbursts of solar radio noise .
Not all the observers have used the same procedures or made the same assumptions about the lunar brightness distribution when reducing the data , and this , together with differences in the methods of calibrating the antennae and receivers , must account for much of the disagreement in the measured radio brightness temperatures .
Mare Imbrium seems to be an exception and remains cooler than the regions which surround it .
The result of the observations is Af where the phase angle , Q , is measured in degrees from new moon and the probable errors include absolute as well as relative errors .
In the discussion which follows , the time average of the radio emission will be referred to as the constant component , and the superimposed periodic variation will be called the variable component .
Thus , direct comparisons can be drawn with free burning arcs which have been studied in detail during the past years and decades by numerous investigators ( Ref. 3 ) .
The anode in figure 2 was mounted by means of the anode holder which was attached to a steel plug and disk .
The graphite was National Carbon NC 60 , which has a porosity of 50% and an average pore size of 30 .
The arc voltage was measured with a voltmeter whose terminals were connected to the anode and cathode holders .
This region which had a higher temperature than the rest of the anode surface changed size and location continuously .
The rest of the surface had a temperature which decreased towards the outer diameter of the plug .
The mean temperature of the surface was then computed according to the following relation : Af where x is the fraction of the plug area covered by the hot spot .
Assuming thermal equilibrium between the anode surface and the transpiring argon , the gas enthalpy rise through the anode was calculated according to the relation Af whereby the specific heat of argon was taken as Af .
This calculation results in an enthalpy rise which is somewhat high because it assumes a mass flow equally distributed over the plug cross section whereas in reality the mass velocity is expected to be smaller in the regions of higher temperatures .
This temperature was taken as environmental temperature to which the anode holder was exposed as far as radiation is concerned .
The radiation loss from the anode surface was computed according to Af where Af is the mean of the fourth powers of the temperatures Af and Af calculated analogously to equation ( 1 ) .
There is a small well in the top in which the fluid or paste to be tested is placed .
The face of one block contained a hole 1/16'' '' in diameter which led to a manometer for the measurement of the normal pressure .
Two of the fluids showed a high-positive normal pressure when undergoing shear , and two showed small negative pressures which were negligible in comparison with the amount of the positive pressures generated by the other two .
Figure 3 shows the data on a silicone fluid , labeled 12,500 cps which gave a high positive normal pressure .
A system had to be used which did not depend upon the feeding of the fluid into the manometer if measurements of the normal pressure were to be made in a reasonable time .
A back pressure was then introduced , and the rise or fall of the material in the manometer indicated which was greater , the normal pressure in the block or the back pressure .
The two fluids which gave the small negative pressures were polybutenes with molecular weights which were stated to be 520 and 300 .
These are fluids which one would expect to be less viscoelastic or more Newtonian because of their lower molecular weight .
However , they do demonstrate the presence of large normal pressures in the presence of flat shear fields which were forecast by the theory in the first part of the paper .
They also give information which will aid in the design of a more satisfactory instrument for the measurement of the normal pressures .
The elasticity is a parameter of fluids which is not subject to simple measurement at present , and it is a parameter which is probably varying in an unknown manner with many commercial materials .
Such an instrument is expected to be especially useful if it could be used to measure the elasticity of heavy pastes such as printing inks , paints , adhesives , molten plastics , and bread dough , for the elasticity is related to those various properties termed `` length '' , `` shortness '' , `` spinnability '' , etc. , which are usually judged by subjective methods at present .
If the volume is the molal volume , then Af is obtained on a molal basis which is the customary terminology of the chemists .
Although the Af calculation is obvious by analogy with that for gravitational field and osmotic pressure , it is interesting to confirm it by a method which can be generalized to include related effects .
This gives Af , which is the pressure .
This can be justified thermodynamically in this case , and this will be done in a separate paper which is being prepared .
According to Philippoff , the recoverable shear S is given by Af where **yc is the angle of extinction .
From this and the force of deformation it should be possible to calculate the elastic energy of deformation which should be equal to the Af calculated from the pressure normal to the shearing face .
There is another means which should show the direction and relative value of the stresses in viscoelastic fluids that is not mentioned as such in the literature , and that is the shape of the suspended drops of low viscosity fluids in shear fields .
These are reasonable assumptions with low viscosity fluids suspended in high viscosity fluids which are subjected to low rates of shear .
Just as the pressure exerted by surface tension in a spherical drop is Af and the pressure exerted by surface tension on a cylindrical shape is Af , the pressure exerted by any curved surface is Af , where **yg is the interfacial tension and Af and Af are the two radii of curvature .
It is appropriate to call attention to certain thermodynamic properties of an ideal gas that are analogous to rubber-like deformation .
This means that work equals Q which in turn equals Af .
There is a well-known relationship between probability and entropy which states that Af , where **zq is the probability that state ( i.e. , volume for an ideal gas ) could be reached by chance alone .
The theory predicts a linear dependence of Af on Af , where J is the experimentally determined Curie-Weiss constant .
Moreover , it will be asymmetric until a certain critical Af distance is reached , below which it will become symmetric .
A number of semiempirical estimates by various workers lead to the conclusion that the Af bond becomes symmetric when the Af bond length is about 2.4 to 2.5 A , but aside from the possible example of nickel dimethylglyoxime there have been no convincing reports of symmetric Af bonds .
These data lead to a structure in which sheets of Cr atoms lie between two sheets of O atoms .
However , the possible absence of a center of symmetry not only moves the hydrogen atom off Af , but also allows the oxygen atoms to become nonequivalent , with Af at Af and Af at Af ( space group Af ) , where Af represents the oxygens on one side of the Af layers and Af those on the other side .
However , any oxygen nonequivalence would shorten either the already extremely short Af interlayer distance of 2.55 A or the non-hydrogen-bonded Af interlayer interactions which are already quite short at 2.58 Aj .
Hence it is difficult to conceive of a packing of the atoms in this material in which the oxygen atoms are far from geometrical equivalence .
A randomization of `` ups '' and `` downs '' is more likely than ordered `` ups '' and `` downs '' in position ( 3 ) since the hydrogen atoms are well separated and so the position of one could hardly affect the position of another , and also since ordered `` up '' and `` down '' implies a larger unit cell , for which no evidence exists .
Plane suggested another preparation of Af which we used here .
All subsequent measurements were made on material which had been heated to 375-degrees-C for one hour .
Af was found to be paramagnetic with three unpaired electrons per chromium atom and a molecular susceptibility of Af , where Af .
Field shifts were derived from the mean value of the resonance line , defined as the field about which the first moment is zero .
One sample , which had been exposed to the atmosphere after evacuation at 375-degrees-C , showed the presence of adsorbed water ( about 0.3 wt ) ) as evidenced by a weak resonance line which was very narrow at room temperature and which disappeared , due to broadening , at low temperature .
The data reported here are either from spectra from which the adsorbed water resonance could easily be eliminated or from spectra of samples evacuated and sealed off at 375-degrees-C which contain no adsorbed water .
Spectra were also obtained from a sample in a spherical container which was made by blowing a bubble on the end of a capillary glass tube .
Spectra were also obtained from a third sample of Af which had been diluted to three times its original volume with powdered , anhydrous alundum ( Af ) .
Polyphosphates gave renewed life to soap products at a time when surfactants were a threat though expensive , and these same polyphosphates spelled the decline of soap usage when the synergism between polyphosphates and synthetic detergent actives was recognized and exploited .
These widely advertised products , which are used primarily for washing clothes , are based on high-sudsing , synthetic organic actives ( sodium alkylbenzenesulfonates ) and contain up to 50% by weight of sodium tripolyphosphate or a mixture of sodium tripolyphosphate and tetrasodium pyrophosphate .
and the dwindling built-soap powders as well as soap flakes and granules , none of which are now nationally advertised .
A well-publicized entrant which has achieved success only recently is the built liquid detergent , with which the major problem today is incorporation of builder and active into a small volume using a sufficiently high builder/active ratio .
In addition , many of the hard-surface cleaners used for walls and woodwork had their genesis in trisodium orthophosphate , which is still the major ingredient of a number of such products .
No matter how they are formulated , a large number of organic actives are simply not suitable for this application , since they do not give adequate soil removal .
This is best demonstrated by practical washing tests in which cloth articles are repeatedly washed with the same detergent formulation .
Indeed , when the proper inorganic constituents are employed , practically any wetting or surface-active agent will do a reasonably good job when present in sufficient amount in a hard-surface cleaning formulation .
Although there is no question but that the process of washing fabrics involves a number of phenomena which are related together in an extremely complicated way and that these phenomena and their interrelations are not well understood at the present , this section attempts to present briefly an up-to-date picture of the physical chemistry of washing either fabrics or hard surfaces .
The purpose of washing is , obviously , to remove soils which are arbitrarily classed in the four major categories given below : 1 .
Dirt , which is here defined as particulate material which is usually inorganic and is very often extremely finely divided so as to exhibit colloidal properties .
Greasy soils , which are typified by hydrocarbons and fats ( esters of glycerol with long-chain organic acids ) .
Stains , which include the wide variety of nonparticulate materials which give color even when present in very low concentration on the soiled object .
Miscellaneous soils , which primarily include sticky substances and colorless liquids which evaporate to leave a residue .
However , a major factor in binding dirt is the attraction between surfaces that goes under the name of Van der Waal's forces .
This is a theoretically complicated dipole interaction which causes any extremely small uncharged particle to agglomerate with other small uncharged particles , or to stick to an uncharged surface .
The washing process whereby soils are removed consists basically of applying mechanical action to loosen the dirt particles and dried matter in the presence of water which helps to float off the debris and acts , to some extent , as a dissolving and solvating agent .
and natural waters , in addition , often contain impurities such as calcium salts which can react with soils to make them more difficult to remove .
The detergent active is that substance which primarily acts to remove greasy soils .
As is well known , detergent actives belong to the chemical class consisting of moderately high molecular weight and highly polar molecules which exhibit the property of forming micelles in solution .
( 2 ) In the critical micelle region , there is a rapid agglomeration or polymerization to give the micelles , which have a degree of polymerization averaging around 60 - 80 .
( 3 ) For anionics , these micelles appear to be roughly spherical assemblages in which the hydrocarbon tails come together so that the polar groups ( the ionized ends ) face outward towards the aqueous continuous phase .
Obviously , a substance which is permanently or temporarily sorbed on the surface in place of the soil will tend to accelerate this process and effectively push off the greasy soil .
This is particularly true of highly charged ions , especially those ions which fall into the class of polyelectrolytes .
From the equilibrium sorption data which are available , it seems logical to expect that polyphosphate ions would be strongly sorbed on the surface of the dirt ( especially clay soils ) so as to give it a greatly increased negative charge .
The charged particles then repel each other and are also repelled from the charged surface , which almost invariably bears a negative charge under washing conditions .
It does not consider the kinetic effects of the phosphate builders on sorption-desorption phenomena which will be discussed later ( see pp. 1746 - 1748 ) .
-- Matheson highest purity tank chlorine was passed through a tube of resublimed Af into an evacuated Pyrex system where it was condensed with liquid air .
The silver chloride was fused under vacuum in the presence of aluminum chips with the resultant product of Af which was sublimed into a flask on the vacuum line .
The mixture was then extracted with alkali and with water following which the carbon tetrachloride was distilled on a Vigreux column , a 25% center cut being retained which was then degassed under vacuum in the presence of Af .
This chlorine-carbon tetrachloride solution was illuminated for a day following which the flask was resealed onto a vacuum system and the excess chlorine distilled off .
The desired amounts of inactive chlorine and radioactive chlorine were likewise condensed in these cells on the vacuum line following which they were frozen down and the manifold as a whole was sealed off .
These cells were used rather than square Pyrex tubing because of the tendency of the latter to shatter when thawing frozen carbon tetrachloride .
The round cells were reproducibly positioned in the light beam which entered the thermostated mineral oil-bath through a window .
When typical reaction cells to which 0.3 of an atmosphere of oxygen had been added were illuminated , chlorine and phosgene were produced .
Exchange was also observed in these cells , which had chlorine present at Af .
-- Although there was some variation in results which must be attributed either to trace impurities or to variation in wall effects , the photochemical exchange in the gas phase was sufficiently reproducible so that it seemed meaningful to compare the reaction rates in different series of reaction tubes for the purpose of obtaining information on the effect of chlorine concentration and of carbon tetrachloride concentration on the reaction rate .
The last column shows the rate of exchange that would have been observed at a relative intensity of 4 ( 14.7 cm. distance ) calculated on the assumptions that the incident light intensity is inversely proportional to the square of the distance of the lamp from the cell and that the rate is directly proportional to the incident light intensity .
Direct proportionality of the rate to the incident intensity has also been assumed in obtaining the value in the last column for the fourth sample of series 2 , where the light intensity was reduced by use of a screen .
Wyatt and Whipple , 1950 ) , which is a retardation of the orbital motion of particles by the relativistic aberration of the repulsive force of the impinging solar radiation , causes the dust to spiral into the sun in times much shorter than the age of the Earth .
Whipple ( 1955 ) extends the effects to include the solar-corpuscular-radiation pressure , which increases both the minimum particle size and the drag .
De Jager ( 1955 ) has calculated the times required for these particles to reach the atmosphere under the influence of the Poynting-Robertson effect , which in this case causes the orbits to become more and more eccentric without changing the semi-major axis .
Even in the neighborhood of the Earth , where information has been obtained both directly and indirectly , the derived flux values vary by at least four orders of magnitude .
One may conclude that most of the detected micrometeoritic material is concentrated in orbital streams which intersect the Earth's orbit .
If one assumes that the average flux did not change between measurements , a mass-distribution curve is obtained which relates the flux of particles larger than a given radius to the inverse 7/2 power of the radius .
To what extent such low density applies to micrometeorites is unknown .
The radius is calculated from the mass by assuming spheres of density Af except for the smallest particles , which must have a higher mass density to remain in the solar system in the presence of solar-radiation pressure .
The approximate equation is Af , where N is the number of Af with electron line-density greater than or equal to Af , and Q is proportional to the mass of the meteorite .
The observational data determining the concentration distribution have a range of error which is magnified in the extension into the micrometeorite region .
The natural anatomical and physiological defensive features of the upper respiratory tract , such as the turbinates of the nose and the cilia of the trachea and larger bronchi , are capable of impinging out the larger particles to which we are ordinarily exposed in our daily existence .
There are optimal humidity requirements for various agents when airborne .
There are , of course , certain times during the 24-hour daily cycle when most of these conditions will be met .
This material fluoresces under ultraviolet light which facilitates its sampling and assessment .
These dosages could have been increased by increasing the source strength which was small in this case .
All samplers were operated for a period of two hours except one , which was operated for four hours .
A number of unique medical problems might be created when man is exposed to an infectious agent through the respiratory route rather than by natural portal of entry .
Some agents have been shown to be much more toxic or infectious to experimental animals when exposed to aerosols of optimum particle size than by the natural portal .
Botulinal toxin , for example , is several thousand-fold more toxic by this route than when given per os .
An enemy would obviously choose an agent that is believed to be highly infectious .
Agents that are known to cause frequent infections among laboratory workers such as those causing Q fever , tularemia , brucellosis , glanders , coccidioidomycosis , etc. , belong in this category .
An agent would likely be selected which would possess sufficient viability and virulence stability to meet realistic minimal logistic requirements .
An aggressor would use an agent against which there was a minimal naturally acquired or artificially induced immunity in a target population .
A solid immunity is the one effective circumstance whereby attack by a specific agent can be neutralized .
It must be remembered , however , that there are many agents for which there is no solid immunity and a partial or low-grade immunity may be broken by an appropriate dose of agent .
There is a broad spectrum of organisms from which selection for a specified military purpose might be made .
Mutants may also be developed with changes in biochemical properties that are of importance in identification .
Some of those who question the value of BW have assumed that the only potential would be in the establishment of epidemics .
This is why this approach to BW defense has not been given major attention .
Our major problem is what an enemy might accomplish in an initial attack on a target .
This , of course , does not eliminate from consideration for this purpose agents that are associated naturally with epidemic disease .
On the other hand , a similar attack might have been made on City B whose population was known to be lousy .
Biological agents are , moreover , suitable for delivery through enemy sabotage which imposes many problems in defense .
America is rapidly becoming a nation that uses processed , precooked and even predigested foods .
This is an enormous industry that is subject to sabotage .
Huge industries are involved also in the production of biological products , drugs and cosmetics which are liable to this type of attack .
In addition one serum was obtained from a donor ( R. E. ) who had been sensitized 6 years previously .
The red cells for the Rh antibody tests were used within 3 days after drawing except for the Af cells , which had been glycerolized and stored at -20-degrees-C for approximately 1 year .
The small amount of insoluble material which precipitated during dialysis was suspended in approximately 5 ml of starting buffer , centrifuged , resuspended in 2.5 ml of isotonic saline and tested for antibody activity .
For protein identification , fractions from the column were concentrated by pervaporation against a stream of air at 5-degrees-C or by negative pressure dialysis in an apparatus which permitted simultaneous concentration of the protein and dialysis against isotonic saline .
Five milliamperes/cell were applied for 18 hr , after which the strips were stained with bromphenol blue and densitometry was carried out using a Spinco Analytrol .
When paper electrophoresis was to be used for preparation , eight strips of a whole serum sample or a chromatographic fraction concentrated by negative pressure dialysis were run/chamber under the conditions described above .
Fractions from the column which were to be subjected to analytical ultracentrifugation were concentrated by negative pressure dialysis and dialyzed for 16 hr in the cold against at least 500 volumes of phosphate-buffered saline , pH 7.2 , ionic strength 0.154 .
The insoluble material which precipitated during dialysis against starting buffer always showed intense agglutinin activity , regardless of the blood group of the donor .
When the early part of the gradient was flattened , either by using the gradient shown in Fig. 2 or by allowing the `` cone-sphere '' gradient to become established more slowly , Region 2 activity could sometimes be separated into two areas ( donors P. J. and R. S. , Fig. 1 and E. M. , Fig. 2 ) .
This was particularly noticeable in group A and group B sera , in which cases activity in Regions 1 and 2 was usually not detectable without prior concentration and occasionally could not be detected at all .
when the insoluble fraction was suspended in a volume of saline equal to that of the original serum sample , no complete antibody activity could be detected .
Occasionally , you may come across one or two bumblebees in the cold season , when you are turning over sods in your garden , but you have to be a really keen observer to see them at all .
I must add at once that these animals are what we call `` queens '' , young females that have mated in the previous summer or autumn .
The survivors emerge on some nice , sunny day in March or April , when the temperature is close to 50-degrees and there is not too much wind .
The blooms of Ribes and of the willow and sloe are the places where large numbers of our early insects will assemble : honeybees , bumblebees , and other wild bees , and also various kinds of flies .
a marvelous arrangement , for it provides exactly what the bee queens need to make their beebread , a combination of honey and pollen with which the young of all species are fed .
The only exception to this is certain bees that have become parasites .
If we manage to keep track of a Bombus queen after she has left her feeding place , we may discover the snug little hideout which she has fixed up for herself when she woke up from her winter sleep .
On this , she builds an `` egg compartment '' or `` egg cell '' which is filled with that famous pollen-and-nectar mixture called beebread .
She also builds one or two waxen cups which she fills with honey .
When the larvae hatch , they feed on the beebread , although they also receive extra honey meals from their mother .
After another two weeks , the first young emerge , four to eight small daughters that begin to play the role of worker bees , collecting pollen and nectar in the field and caring for the new young generation while the queen retires to a life of egg laying .
The broods of workers that appear later tend to be bigger than the first ones , probably because they are better fed .
At the old nest , the queen will in the early fall cease to lay the fertilized eggs that will produce females .
As a result , the proportion of males ( which leave the nest ) increases , and eventually the old colony will die out completely .
The nest itself , the structure that in some cases housed about 2,000 individuals when the season was at its peak , is now rapidly destroyed by the scavenging larvae of certain beetles and moths .
Some members of the bee family have become idlers , social parasites that live at the expense of their hardworking relatives .
The one sure way to tell victim and villain apart is to examine the hind legs which in the case of the idler , Psithyrus , lack the pollen baskets -- naturally ! !
When she succeeds , she usually manages to slip in unobtrusively , to deposit an egg on a completed loaf of beebread before the bumblebees seal the egg compartment .
there are other wild bees that command our attention .
One of my favorites is A. armata , a species very common in England , where it is sometimes referred to as the lawn bee .
The females like to burrow in the short turf of well-kept lawns , where their little mounds of earth often appear by the hundreds .
The bottom part of a burrow has a number of side tunnels or `` cells '' , each of which is provided with an egg plus a store of beebread .
The way in which it transports its pollen is not so perfect , either .
It lacks pollen baskets and possesses only a large number of long , branched hairs on its legs , on which the pollen grains will collect .
In the United States Department of Agriculture's Yearbook Of Agriculture , 1952 , which is devoted entirely to insects , George E. Bohart mentions a site in Utah which was estimated to contain 200,000 nesting females .
This may just be pride in my adopted State of Washington , but certainly I love to visit their mound cities near Yakima and Prosser in July or August , when the bees are in their most active period .
The thing is that these bees love a fine-grained soil that is moist ; ;
Where does one find such conditions ? ?
The best chance , of course , is offered by gently sloping terrain where the water remains close to the surface and where the air is dry , so that a high evaporation leaves salty deposits which permit only sparse plant growth .
Felix Kopstein states that `` when the snake reaches its maturity it has already reached about its maximal length '' , but goes on to cite the reticulate python as an exception , with maximum length approximately three times that at maturity .
It is hard to understand how he concluded that most snakes do not grow appreciably after attaining maturity ; ;
When it comes to rate of early growth , the Indian python leads with a figure of about 3 feet 6 inches per year for the first two years , more or less .
it responds exceptionally well to captivity and does not reach proportions that make it hard to keep .
The best way to determine the correct figure ( in captives ) is by direct observation of pairs isolated from birth , a method that produced surprising results : maturing of a male Indian python in less than two years , his mate in less than three ; ;
The following information on snakes varying greatly in size ( but all with less than a 10-foot maximum ) shows , when considered with the foregoing , that there is probably no correlation between the length of a snake and the time required for it to mature .
Oliver , in his summary of the habits of the snakes of the United States , could supply data on the maturing period for only three species in addition to the rattlers , which I shall consider separately .
Klauber investigated the rattlesnakes carefully himself and also summarized what others have found .
He concluded that in the southern species , which are rapidly growing types , females mate at the age of two and a half and bear the first young when they are three .
There are three levels on which to treat the subject .
The first is the strictly scientific , which demands concrete proof and therefore may err on the conservative side by waiting for evidence in the flesh .
The argument against this last approach is comparable to that which rejects stories about hoop snakes , about snakes that break themselves into many pieces and join up again , or even of ghosts that chase people out of graveyards ; ;
Detailed information on record lengths of the giants is given in the section that follows .
Discussions of the giants one by one will include , as far as possible , data on these aspects of growth : size at which life is started and at which sexual maturity is reached ; ;
Raymond L. Ditmars had two broods that averaged 27 inches .
Beebe had a 3-foot anaconda that weighed only 9.8 ounces .
Hans Schweizer had one that increased from 19-1/2 inches to 5 feet 3 inches in five years , and J. J. Quelch records a growth of from less than 4 feet to nearly 10 in about six years .
He concluded that the anaconda's maximum length is 12 or 13 ( perhaps 14 ) meters , which would approximate from 39 to 42 feet ( 14 meters is slightly less than 46 feet ) .
When some thirteen records of newly and recently born individuals are collated , little or no correlation between length and distribution can be detected .
The female from Central America which gave birth to four was only 3 feet 11 inches long .
What data there are on growth indicate considerable variation in rate ; ;
In this instance , because of incomplete septation , the secondary lobule does not constitute in itself what appears to be a small individual lung as in type 1 .
Such a dual derivation was strikingly demonstrated during the injection process where initial filling would be noted to occur in several isolated pleural vessels at once .
This vessel could be followed to the parenchyma where it directly provided bronchial arterial blood to the alveolar capillary bed ( figs. 17 , 18 ) .
It is evident that many marked and striking differences exist between lungs when an inter-species comparison is made .
and , in contrast , are present to a relatively immense degree on a segmental basis in the dog where lobules are absent ( Van Allen and Lindskog , '31 ) .
The only area in which one might find major disagreement in this matter is in regard to the alveolar distribution of the bronchial arteries .
In criticism of the latter's views , his conclusions were based upon dog lung injection studies in which all of the vascular channels were first filled with a solution under pressure and then were injected with various sized colored particles designed to stop at the arteriolar level .
As early as 1913 Ghoreyeb and Karsner demonstrated with perfusion studies in dogs that bronchial artery flow would remain constant at a certain low level when pressure was maintained in the pulmonary artery and vein , but that increases in bronchial artery flow would occur in response to a relative drop in pulmonary artery pressure .
Our own studies in which bronchial artery-pulmonary artery anastomoses were demonstrated , were accomplished by injecting the bronchial artery first with no pressure on the pulmonary artery or vein , and then by injecting the pulmonary artery and vein afterwards .
This viewpoint is further supported by Verloop's ( '48 ) demonstration of thickened bronchial artery and arteriolar muscular coats which are capable of acting as valves .
It is , however , highly suggestive and agrees well with our own findings in which we also failed to demonstrate normally occurring bronchial artery-pulmonary artery shunts in certain species , especially the dog .
In type 3 , this general relationship is maintained peripherally but not centrally where the pulmonary vein follows a more independent path to the hilum as is the case throughout the lung in type 2 .
Although the standard deviation values on which spread of the lines is based are relatively larger for those centers which begin to ossify early ( Table 1 ) , there are considerable differences in this value between centers having the closely timed Onsets .
Third , the process of calcification is seen to begin later and to continue much longer for these boys than for the girls , a fact which confirms data for other groups of children .
When a dot appears close to the end of the transverse line , the `` moderate '' rating may be further classified according to the position of the dot with respect to the vertical marking denoting the mean age .
Thus , a child's Skeletal Age `` dots '' may be classified as `` advanced '' when they appear above the middle curve , `` moderate '' when they appear immediately above or below the middle curve , and `` delayed '' when they appear below the lower curve .
To summarize the purpose of the Skeletal Maturity Chart : each contains two kinds of skeletal maturity norms which show two quite different methods of depicting developmental level of growth centers .
Onsets , Completions , and Skeletal Ages ( Hand ) of boy 34 and girl 2 may be directly compared and classified , using only those Skeletal Ages which appear immediately below the Onset Profile and the Completion Profile .
Since a Skeletal Age rating can be made at any age during growth , from Elbow , Shoulder , Knee , or Foot as well as Hand , it seems to be the method of choice when one wishes to study most aspects of skeletal developmental progress during childhood .
The direction in which the arrow points shows how the maturity level of the growth center was changed at Completion from the level at Onset .
When the `` dot '' and `` tip '' coincide , the classification used in this paper is `` Same schedule '' .
The 34 arrows , denoting onset age plus completion age deviations , have been arrayed in an Onset sequence which begins with girl 18 who had the earliest Onset of the 34 girls .
As an example of the interpretation of an arrow in the figure which exceeds four months in shaft length in conjunction with its position in the figure : girl 2 had a delayed Onset and further delayed Completion .
This iodoprotein does not appear to be the same as what is normally present in the thyroid , and there is no evidence so far that thyroglobulin can be iodinated in vitro by cell-free systems .
There is some reason to think that thyroglobulin synthesis may proceed independently of iodination , for in certain transplantable tumours of the rat thyroid containing essentially no iodinated thyroglobulin , a protein that appears to be thyroglobulin has been observed in ultracentrifuge experiments ( Wolff , Robbins and Rall , 1959 ) .
Similar findings have been noted in a patient with congenital absence of the organification enzymes , whose thyroid tissue could only concentrate iodide .
It is assumed that the iodine released from the iodotyrosines remains in the iodide pool of the thyroid , where it is oxidised and re-incorporated into thyroglobulin .
It has been suggested that the plasma thyroxine-binding proteins , which have an extremely high affinity for thyroxine , compete with thyroglobulin for thyroxine ( Ingbar and Freinkel , 1957 ) .
The effect of drugs that act on the iodide-concentrating mechanism can be counteracted by addition of relatively large amounts of iodine to the diet .
The most conclusively identified is L-5-vinyl-2-thio-oxazolidone , which was isolated from rutabaga ( Greer , 1950 ) .
There it seems that the goitrogen ingested by dairy animals is itself inactive but is converted in the animal to an active goitrogen , which is then secreted in the milk .
Similar results might be expected from the influence of drugs or pathological conditions that limit iodide trapping , or organification , or accelerate thyroglobulin proteolysis .
At the present time we do not know by what biochemical mechanism TSH acts on the thyroid , but for bio-assay of the hormone there are a number of properties by which its activity may be estimated , including release of iodine from the thyroid , increase in thyroid weight , increase in mean height of the follicular cells and increase in the thyroidal uptake of Af .
Here we shall restrict discussion to those methods that appear sufficiently sensitive and precise for determining the concentration of TSH in blood .
This connection was clarified by Smith and Smith ( 1922 ) , who showed that saline extracts of fresh bovine pituitary glands could re-activate the atrophied thyroids of hypophysectomised tadpoles .
The first attempts to isolate TSH came a decade later , when Janssen and Loeser ( 1931 ) used trichloroacetic acid to separate the soluble TSH from insoluble impurities .
First , is the circulating form of the hormone the same as that found in the gland where it is synthesised and stored ? ?
Second , what is its concentration in normal circumstances and in what circumstances will this concentration depart from the normal level and in which direction ? ?
The importance of knowing in what chemical forms the hormone may exist is accentuated by the recent observation that there exists an abnormally long-acting TSH in blood drawn from many thyrotoxic patients ( Adams , 1958 ) .
The international unit is equipotent with the USP unit adopted in 1952 , which was defined as the amount of activity present in 20 mg of the USP reference substance .
Although biopsies have shown structural changes in some of the reported cases of steroid-induced weakness , this case provides the only example known to us in which necropsy afforded the opportunity for extensive study of multiple muscle groups .
The case described in this paper is that of an older man who developed disabling muscular weakness while receiving a variety of steroids for a refractory anemia .
This patient was a 65-year-old white male accountant who entered the New York Hospital for his fourth and terminal admission on June 26 , 1959 , because of disabling weakness and general debility .
In 1953 the patient developed an unexplained anemia for which 15 blood transfusions were given over a period of 4 years .
In September , 1958 , the patient developed generalized weakness and fatigue which was concurrent with exacerbation of his anemia ; ;
At this time a detailed neuromuscular examination revealed diffuse muscle atrophy that was moderate in the hands and feet , but marked in the shoulders , hips , and pelvic girdle , with hypoactive deep-tendon reflexes .
In addition , other sections contained focal areas of recent myocardial necrosis that were infiltrated with neutrophils .
Microscopically , both kidneys showed many small cortical scars in which there was glomerular and interstitial fibrosis , tubular atrophy , and an infiltration of lymphocytes and plasma cells .
In contrast to the nuclear changes described above , another change in muscle nuclei was seen , usually occurring in fibers that were somewhat smaller than normal but that showed distinct cross-striations and myofibrillae .
Occasionally there were small basophilic fibers that were devoid of myofibrillae and contained many vesicular nuclei with prominent nucleoli ( Fig. 5 ) .
Two absorptions of Af with ethyl acetate or two absorptions of Af ( which had been passed through Dowex-2-chloride ) , NS and Af with crown gall tissue powder , or mouse liver powder did not further improve the specificity of staining .
Treatment of all the sera with sweet clover proteins greatly reduced nonspecific fluorescence , especially when the treated conjugate was diluted to 1 : 2 with 0.85% saline .
In all the above procedures , when the intermediate sera were diluted to 1 : 10 or 1 : 100 with 0.85% saline , the specific and nonspecific fluorescence were not appreciably reduced , whereas , a dilution of the intermediate sera to 1 : 500 or diluting the Af to 1 : 5 greatly reduced specific fluorescence .
The only treatment by which nonspecific staining could be satisfactorily removed was by passing the conjugate through a DEAE-cellulose column .
When 1 ml of conjugate was passed through a column ( Af ) , the first and second milliliter fractions collected were the most specific and gave no nonspecific staining in some experiments , and very little in others .
After these treatments the conjugate did not stain healthy or crown gall sweet clover tissues or stained them a very faint green which was easily distinguishable from the bright yellow-green specific staining .
In all cases studied tissues of the stem on which the tumor had developed did not contain detectable amounts of WTV antigen .
In the indirect method , this was evident from the fact that tumor sections were stained light green even when stained with NS and Af or with Af only .
Treatment of the conjugates with ethyl acetate , and the conjugates ( which had been passed through Dowex-2-chloride ) with mouse liver powder , sweet clover crown gall tissue powder , or healthy sweet clover proteins did not satisfactorily remove nonspecifically staining substances in the conjugates .
Although no drugs act exclusively on the hypothalamus or a part of it , there is sufficient specificity to distinguish drugs which shift the hypothalamic balance to the sympathetic side from those which produce a parasympathetic dominance .
Perhaps a clue to these and related problems lies in the fact that changes in the intensity of hypothalamic discharges which are associated with changes in its balance lead also to qualitative alterations in reactivity .
Furthermore , conditioned reactions are fundamentally altered when the hypothalamic sympathetic reactivity is augmented beyond a critical level , and several types of behavioral changes probably related to the degree of central autonomic `` tuning '' are observed .
These are few and seemingly disjointed data , but they illustrate the important fact that fundamental alterations in conditioned reactions occur in a variety of states in which the hypothalamic balance has been altered by physiological experimentation , pharmacological action , or clinical processes .
If this is the case , one would expect that not only the various procedures just mentioned which alter the hypothalamic balance would influence emotional state and behavior but that emotion itself would act likewise .
He showed convincingly that anxiety is a learned ( conditioned ) reaction and is the basis of experimental and clinical neuroses and assumed , therefore , that the neuronal changes which underlie the neuroses are functional and reversible .
Even when the intensity of the shocks was increased gradually , it failed to evoke any signs of pain .
Since strong nociceptive stimuli produce an experimental neurosis during which the animals fail to eat in the experimental situation , Wolpe thought that he could utilize the feeding-pain antagonism to inhibit the neurotic symptoms through feeding .
He took advantage of the antagonism between aggressive assertiveness and anxiety and found a relatively rapid disappearance of anxiety when the former attitude was established .
For the interpretation of these significant investigations , it should be remembered that reciprocal relations exist in the hypothalamus with respect to autonomic and somatic functions which are closely associated with the emotions .
In view of the important role which emotional disturbances play in the genesis of neurotic and psychotic disorders and the parallelism observed between autonomic states and psychological behavior in several instances , it is further suggested that a hypothalamic imbalance may play an important role in initiating mental changes .
We are trying to study a linear operator T on the finite-dimensional space V , by decomposing T into a direct sum of operators which are in some sense elementary .
We can do this through the characteristic values and vectors of T in certain special cases , i.e. , when the minimal polynomial for T factors over the scalar field F into a product of distinct monic polynomials of degree 1 .
What can we do with the general T ? ?
If ( remember this is an assumption ) the minimal polynomial for T decomposes Af where Af are distinct elements of F , then we shall show that the space V is the direct sum of the null spaces of Af .
The diagonalizable operator is the special case of this in which Af for each i .
The theorem which we prove is more general than what we have described , since it works with the primary decomposition of the minimal polynomial , whether or not the primes which enter are all of first degree .
The reader will find it helpful to think of the special case when the primes are of degree 1 , and even more particularly , to think of the proof of Theorem 10 , a special case of this theorem .
Let p be the minimal polynomial for T , Af , where the Af , are distinct irreducible monic polynomials over F and the Af are positive integers .
If the direct-sum decomposition ( A ) is valid , how can we get hold of the projections Af associated with the decomposition ? ?
Thus the Af are projections which correspond to some direct-sum decomposition of the space V .
In the notation of the proof of Theorem 12 , let us take a look at the special case in which the minimal polynomial for T is a product of first-degree polynomials , i.e. , the case in which each Af is of the form Af .
By Theorem 10 , D is a diagonalizable operator which we shall call the diagonalizable part of T .
When Af for each i , we shall have Af , because the operator Af will then be 0 on the range of Af .
We have just observed that we can write Af where D is diagonalizable and N is nilpotent , and where D and N not only commute but are polynomials in T .
Now suppose that we also have Af where D' is diagonalizable , N' is nilpotent , and Af .
for , using the fact that N and N' commute Af and so when R is sufficiently large every term in this expression for Af will be 0 .
) Now Af is a diagonalizable operator which is also nilpotent .
hence Af and the minimal polynomial is simply x , which says the operator is 0 .
Then every linear operator T in V can be written as the sum of a diagonalizable operator D and a nilpotent operator N which commute .
It is a very interesting fact that these two problems can be handled simultaneously and this is what we shall do in the next chapter .
In concluding this section , we should like to give an example which illustrates some of the ideas of the primary decomposition theorem .
If T is a linear operator on an arbitrary vector space and if there is a monic polynomial P such that Af , then parts ( A ) and ( B ) of Theorem 12 are valid for T with the proof which we gave .
Let N be a positive integer and let V be the space of all N times continuously differentiable functions F on the real line which satisfy the differential equation Af where Af are some fixed constants .
We now write Af where Af are distinct complex numbers .
In other words , if F satisfies the differential equation Af , then F is uniquely expressible in the form Af where Af satisfies the differential equation Af .
The binomial probability distribution may describe the variation that occurs from one set of trials of such a binomial experiment to another .
We devote a chapter to the binomial distribution not only because it is a mathematical model for an enormous variety of real life phenomena , but also because it has important properties that recur in many other probability models .
What can we say of the probabilities of the different possible numbers of bull's-eyes ? ?
What probabilities should be attached to these possible outcomes ? ?
When three dice are tossed repeatedly , what is the probability that the number of aces is 0 ( or 1 , or 2 , or 3 ) ? ?
The major question in this chapter is : What is the probability of exactly X successes in N trials ? ?
Before deriving this formula , we explain what we mean by `` problems of this kind '' .
Or , what amounts to the same thing , if one die is tossed three times , each toss is a trial , and the three tosses form the experiment .
Considering only these Fridays , what is the probability that the coach had drivers all 3 times ? ?
We also give , for each property , an example where the property is absent .
`` Success '' and `` failure '' are just convenient labels for the two categories of outcomes when we talk about binomial trials in general .
It is natural from the marksman's viewpoint to call a bull's-eye a success , but in the mice example it is arbitrary which category corresponds to straight hair in a mouse .
The word `` binomial '' means `` of two names '' or `` of two terms '' , and both usages apply in our work : the first to the names of the two outcomes of a binomial trial , and the second to the terms P and Af that represent the probabilities of `` success '' and `` failure '' .
Sometimes when there are many outcomes for a single trial , we group these outcomes into two classes , as in the example of the die , where we have arbitrarily constructed the classes `` ace '' and `` not-ace '' .
Experimentally , we expect independence when the trials have nothing to do with one another .
When this experiment is viewed as composed of five binomial trials , one for each member of the family , the outcomes of the trials are obviously not independent .
In repetitions of the experiment from couple to couple , the votes of the two persons in a couple probably agree more often than independence would imply , because couples who visit the museum together are more likely to have similar tastes than are a random pair of people drawn from the entire population of visitors .
Each performance of an n-trial binomial experiment results in some whole number from 0 through N as the value of the random variable X , where Af .
For example , we are interested in the number of bull's-eyes , not which shots were bull's-eyes .
) On the other hand , even when the binomial model does not describe well the physical phenomenon being studied , the binomial model may still be used as a baseline for comparative purposes ; ;
When each number of successes X is paired with its probability of occurrence Af , the set of pairs Af , is a probability function called a binomial distribution .
The choice of P and N determines the binomial distribution uniquely , and different choices always produce different distributions ( except when Af ; ;
The set of all binomial distributions is called the family of binomial distributions , but in general discussions this expression is often shortened to `` the binomial distribution '' , or even `` the binomial '' when the context is clear .
The several trials of a binomial experiment produce a new random variable X , the total number of successes , which is just the sum of the random variables associated with the single trials .
The number of successes on each shot is a value of a random variable that has values 0 or 1 , and there are 5 such random variables here .
Their sum is X , the total number of successes , which in this experiment has the value Af .
Consider a simple , closed , plane curve C which is a real-analytic image of the unit circle , and which is given by Af .
In the following paper it is shown that in a certain definite sense , exactly an odd number of squares can be inscribed in every such curve which does not contain an infinite number of inscribed squares .
Suppose Af crosses C when Af .
otherwise , being analytic , they would coincide at all points , which is impossible since they do not coincide near Af .
Furthermore , one can find a neighborhood of Q in which the difference function is monotone , for since it is analytic it can have only a finite number of extrema in any interval .
Thus Af is also continuous at Af , and in a neighborhood of Af which does not contain a tangent point .
In some neighborhood of an isolated tangent point in the f-plane , say Af , the function Af is either double-valued or has no values defined , except at the tangent point itself , where it is single-valued .
A tangent point Q in the C-plane occurs when C and Af are tangent to one another .
The first possibility results in a closed interval of tangent points in the f-plane , the end points of which fall into category ( B ) or ( C ) .
First , for any value of T for which all values of f{t} are ordinary points the number of values of f{t} must be odd .
The graph of f has at least one component whose support is the entire interval Aj .
This is true of all components which have such a bounded support .
We have shown that the graph of F contains at least one component whose inverse is the entire interval {0,T} , and whose multiplicity is odd .
There must be an odd number of such components , which will be called complete components .
We must now show that on some component of the graph there exist two points for which the corresponding diagonal points in the C-plane are on opposite sides of C .
As S varies from zero to T , the values of S for which Af and Af cross C will be denoted by Af and Af respectively .
The values Af are the ordinary values at Af of a multi-valued function g{t} which has components corresponding to those of f{t} .
Now with P fixed at Af , Af-values occur when the corner Af crosses C , and are among the values of S such that Af .
These are defined by a simple involutorial transformation of the points in which a general line meets a nonsingular quadric surface bearing a curve of symbol Af .
Then in 2 we show that any line involution with the properties that ( A ) It has no complex of invariant lines , and ( B ) Its singular lines form a complex consisting exclusively of the lines which meet a twisted curve , is necessarily of the type discussed in 1 .
A general line L meets Q in two points , Af and Af , through each of which passes a unique generator of the regulus , Af , whose lines are simple secants of Aj .
On these generators let Af and Af be , respectively , the harmonic conjugates of Af and Af with respect to the two points in which the corresponding generator meets Aj .
For if it did , the plane of L and l' would contain two generators of Af , which is impossible .
Moreover , from the definitive transformation of intercepts on the generators of Af , it is clear that the only points of Q at which a line can meet its image are the points of Aj .
Hence the totality of singular lines is the T order complex of lines which meet Aj .
The invariant lines are the lines of the congruence of secants of **zg , since each of these meets Q in two points which are invariant .
There are various sets of exceptional lines , or lines whose images are not unique .
The most obvious of these is the quadratic complex of tangents to Q , each line of which is transformed into the entire pencil of lines tangent to Q at the image of the point of tangency of the given line .
For the lines of any plane , **yp , meeting Q in a conic C , are transformed into the congruence of secants of the curve C' into which C is transformed in the point involution on Q .
Each generator , **yl , of Af is also exceptional , for each is transformed into the entire congruence of secants of the curve into which that generator is transformed by the point involution on Q .
Now the only way in which all curves of the image family of Af can pass through a fixed point is to have a generator of Af which is not a secant but a tangent of **zg , for then any point on such a generator will be transformed into the point of tangency .
Since two curves of symbol Af on Q intersect in Af points , it follows that there are Af lines of Af which are tangent to Aj .
Clearly , any line , l , of any bundle having one of these points of tangency , T , as vertex will be transformed into the entire pencil having the image of the second intersection of L and Q as vertex and lying in the plane determined by the image point and the generator of Af which is tangent to **zg at T .
A conic , C , being a ( 1 , 1 ) curve on Q , meets the image of any line of Af , which we have already found to be a Af curve on Q , in Af points .
Finally , the image of a general bundle of lines is a congruence whose order is the order of the congruence of invariant lines , namely Af and whose class is the order of the image congruence of a general plane field of lines , namely Af .
The preceding observations make it clear that there exist line involutions of all orders greater than 1 with no complex of invariant lines and with a complex of singular lines consisting exclusively of the lines which meet a twisted curve Aj .
To do this we must first show that every line which meets **zg in a point P meets its image at P .
By ( 1 ) , the image of this pencil is a ruled surface of order Af which is met by the plane of the pencil in a curve , C , of order Af .
On C there is a Af correspondence in which the Af points cut from C by a general line , l , of the pencil correspond to the point of intersection of the image of L and the plane of the pencil .
Since C is rational , this correspondence has K coincidences , each of which implies a line of the pencil which meets its image .
Now consider the transformation of the lines of a bundle with vertex , P , on **zg which is effected by the involution as a whole .
Moreover , in this involution there is a cone of invariant lines of order Af , namely the cone of secants of **zg which pass through P .
The first possibility requires that there be a line through P which meets **zg in Af points ; ;
the second requires that there be a line through P which meets **zg in Af points .
In the first case the fixed elements within each pencil are the multiple secant and the line joining the vertex , P , to the intersection of **zg and the plane of the pencil which does not lie on the multiple secant .
In the second , the fixed elements are the lines which join the vertex , P , to the two intersections of **zg and the plane of the pencil which do not lie on the multiple secant .
We now observe that the case in which **zg is a Af curve on a quadric is impossible if the complex of singular lines consists exclusively of the lines which meet Aj .
For any pencil in a plane containing a Af-fold secant of **zg has an image regulus which meets the plane of the pencil in Af lines , namely the images of the lines of the pencil which pass through the intersection of **zg and the multiple secant , plus an additional component to account for the intersections of the images of the general lines of the pencil .
Continuing with the case in which **zg is a Af curve on a quadric Q , we first observe that the second regulus of Q consists precisely of the lines which join the two free intersections of **zg and the planes through any one of the multiple secants .
If **ya is the multiple secant of **zg which passes through Af and **yb is the simple secant of **zg which passes through Af , and if Af are the points in which **ya meets **zg , and if Af is the image of Af on the generator **yb , it follows that the image of the line Af is Af .
new aspirants for power will emerge whose ambitions far exceed their competence ; ;
National leaders will have to display the highest skills of statesmanship to guide their people through times of uncertainty and confusion which destroy men's sense of identity .
Feelings of a community of interest will have to be recreated -- in some of the new nations , indeed , they must be built for the first time -- on a new basis which looks toward the future and does not rely only on shared memories of the past .
Nevertheless , with foresight and careful planning , some of the more disruptive and dangerous consequences of social change which have troubled other countries passing through this stage can be escaped .
The United States can help by communicating a genuine concern with the problems these countries face and a readiness to provide technical and other appropriate forms of assistance where possible .
Our central goal should be to provide the greatest positive incentive for these societies to tackle boldly the tasks which they face .
At the same time , we should recognize that the obstacles to change and the lack of cohesion and stability which characterize these countries may make them particularly prone to diversions and external adventures of all sorts .
We should do what we can to discourage this conclusion , both by offering assistance for their domestic needs and by reacting firmly to irresponsible actions on the world scene .
When necessary , we should make it clear that countries which choose to derive marginal advantages from the cold war or to exploit their potential for disrupting the security of the world will not only lose our sympathy but also risk their own prospects for orderly development .
but this obligation pertains only to countries which are honestly seeking to become responsible members of a stable and forward-moving world community .
When we look at countries like Iran , Iraq , Pakistan , and Burma , where substantial progress has been made in creating a minimum supply of modern men and of social overhead capital , and where institutions of centralized government exist , we find a second category of countries with a different set of problems and hence different priorities for policy .
Progress is impeded by psychological inhibitions to effective action among those in power and by a failure on their part to understand how local resources , human and material , can be mobilized to achieve the national goals of modernization already symbolically accepted .
We should spread the view that planning and national development are serious matters which call for effort as well as enthusiasm .
With respect to those countries whose leaders prefer to live with their illusions , we can afford to wait , for in time their comparative lack of progress will become clear for all to see .
Our technical assistance to these countries should place special emphasis on inducing the central governments to assume the role of advisor and guide which at an earlier stage foreign experts assumed in dealing with the central governments .
Simultaneously we should be underlining the interrelationships of technical progress in various fields , showing how agricultural training can be introduced into education , how health affects labor productivity , how small business can benefit the rural farm community , and , above all , how progress in each field relates to national progress .
At a third stage in the modernization process are such countries as India , Brazil , the Philippines , and Taiwan , which are ready and committed to move into the stage of self-sustaining growth .
This is the stage at which democratic developments must take place if the society is to become an open community of creative people .
Another great danger is that the emerging middle class will feel itself increasingly alienated from the political leaders who still justify their dominance by reference to the struggle for independence or the early phase of nationalism .
Particularly when based upon a single dominant party , governments may respond to such a situation by claiming a monopoly of understanding about the national interest .
but basically that pace depends on changes in the supply of resources and in the human attitudes , political institutions , and social structure which each society must generate .
It must be marked by a patience and persistence which have not always been its trademark .
The significant things in it , at the higher religious levels , are the inner emotional , mental , and spiritual occurrences that fill the pressing human needs of self-preservation , self-pacification , and self-completion .
Man has the experience of being helpfully allied with what he cannot fully understand ; ;
The kind of religious experience that most moderns seek not only provides , clarifies , and relates human yearnings , values , ideals , and purposes ; ;
It gives him aid , comfort , even solace , in meeting mundane life situations where his own unassisted practical knowledge and skill are felt by him to be inadequate .
His religious beliefs provide him with plausible explanations for many conditions which cause him great concern , and his religious faith makes possible fortitude , equanimity , and consolation , enabling him to endure colossal misfortune , fear , frustration , uncertainty , suffering , evil , and danger .
The belief in immortality , where held , functions as a redress for the ills and disappointments of the here and now .
The feeling of individual inferiority , defeat , or humilation growing out of various social situations or individual deficiencies or failures is compensated for by communion in worship or prayer with a friendly , but all-victorious Father-God , as well as by sympathetic fellowship with others who share this faith , and by opportunities in religious acts for giving vent to emotions and energies .
In providing for these inner individual functions , religion undertakes in behalf of individual peace of mind and well-being services for which there is no other institution .
This is demonstrated especially when there is awareness of radically different value orientation elsewhere ; ;
In America also all of our major religious bodies officially sanction a universalistic ethic which is reflective of our common religion .
Closely related to this function is the fact that the religious system provides a body of ultimate ends for the society , which are compatible with the supreme eternal ends .
for example , a plan that fulfills the will of God , which advances the Kingdom of God , which involves social life as part of the Grand Design .
Where such a value system prevails , it always unifies all who possess it ; ;
The beliefs of a religion also reflecting the values are expressed in creeds , dogmas , and doctrines , and form what Durkheim calls a credo .
Durkheim noted long ago that religion as `` a unified system of beliefs and practices relative to sacred things unites into one single moral community all those who adhere to them '' .
This is brought out in the common religious ethos that prevails even in the denominationally diverse audiences at many secular semi-public and public occasions in the United States ; ;
The great ultimate ends of religion have served as magnificent beacon lights that lured people toward them with an almost irresistible force , mobilizing energies and inducing sacrifices ; ;
The insuperable reward systems that most religions embody have great motivating effects .
Religion provides the most attractive rewards , either in this world or the next , for those who not merely abide by its norms , but who engage in good works .
Religion usually acts as a powerful aid in social control , enforcing what men should or should not do .
Religion has its own supernatural prescriptions that are at the same time codes of behavior for the here and now .
The result , dramatically visible in a matter of days in the family's disrupted daily functioning , was a phobic-like fear that some terrible harm would befall the second twin , whose birth had not been anticipated .
Inability to care for the other children , difficulty in feeding the babies , who seemed colicky , bone-weary fatigue , repeated crying episodes , and short tempers reflected the family's helplessness in coping with the stressful situation .
Mrs. B. compared her feelings of weakness to her feelings of weakness and helplessness at the time of her mother's death when she was eight , as well as her subsequent anger at her father for remarrying .
Abreaction of her anxiety and guilt concerning the death of her parents , when linked up with her current feelings of anger and her fears of loss , abandonment , and annihilation , produced further relief of tension .
Here there is a specific preventive component which applies in a more generalized sense to any casework situation .
While some suppression and some denial are not only necessary but healthy , the worker's clinical knowledge must determine how these defenses are being used , what healthy shifts in defensive adaptation are indicated , and when efforts at bringing about change can be most effectively timed .
Over a relatively short period of time , usually about four to twelve weeks , the worker must be able to shift the focus , back and forth , between immediate external stressful exigencies ( `` precipitating stress '' ) and the key , emotionally relevant issues ( `` underlying problem '' ) which are , often in a dramatic preconscious breakthrough , reactivated by the crisis situation , and hence once again amenable to resolution .
While expensive in time and involving a great deal of adaptation on the part of the worker ( in terms of his willingness to leave the sanctity of his office and enter actively into the client's life ) , techniques of accompaniment were found to be of tremendous value when in the service of specific preventive objectives .
Finally , whatever the techniques used , a twin goal is common to all preventive casework service : to cushion or reduce the force of the stress impact while at the same time to encourage and support family members to mobilize and use their ego capacities .
Having outlined an approach to the theory and practice of preventive casework , we now address ourselves to our final question : What place should brief , crisis-oriented preventive casework occupy in our total spectrum of services ? ?
For example , the level of improvement noted in a recent experiment with a short course of immediate treatment for parent-child relationship problems compared favorably with the results reported by typical child guidance clinics where the hours spent in purely diagnostic study may equal or exceed the number of hours devoted to actual treatment interviews in the experimental project .
Of startling significance , too , is the assertion that it was possible to carry out this program with only a 6 percent attrition rate as compared with a rate of 59 percent reported for a comparable group of families who were receiving help in traditionally operated child guidance services .
Similarities to the approach which I have described are evident in the prompt establishment of a helping relationship , quick appraisal of key issues , and the immediate mobilization of treatment plans as the essential dynamics in helping to further the ego's coping efforts in dealing with the interplay of inner and outer stresses .
Further research in the meaning of crises as experienced by the consumers of traditional social casework services -- including attempts to develop a typology of family structures , crisis problems , reaction mechanisms , and differential treatment approaches -- and the establishment of new experimental programs are imperative social needs which should command the best efforts of caseworkers in collaboration with community planners .
Probably , in the immediate future , we will have to settle for middle-range efforts that fall short of utopian models .
Increased experimentation with multipurpose agencies , especially those that combine afresh the traditional functions of family and child welfare services , holds rich promise for the future .
For example , child welfare experience abounds with cases in which the parental request for substitute care is precipitated by a crisis event which is meaningfully linked with a fundamental unresolved problem of family relationships .
As Loomis remarks , `` In the internal pattern the chief reason for interacting is to communicate liking , friendship , and love among those who stand in supporting relations to one another and corresponding negative sentiments to those who stand in antagonistic relations '' .
To some extent the system can be considered a Gemeinschaft in which `` social-role occupancies are determined by birth , by attributes such as sex or caste , which are biologically or socially immutable '' .
The adherence of many in the population to the Indian background in their pedigree , and emphasis upon the fact that their ancestors had never been slaves , becomes of prime interest in determining how far these elements promote the self-image of the intermediate status of the group in society .
However , because of Church laws , lately more stringently enforced , which forbid the marriage of cousins closely related consanguineously , a means of facilitating the goal of in-group relations may be that of recourse to illegitimate unions .
A cursory survey of available material indicates a high rate of illegitimate births occurring to parents who have a close consanguineous relationship .
In the study of marriage patterns for this group , consanguinity produces the structural system -- a system of affinities -- which , in turn , maintains the system of consanguinity .
It is hypothesized that fertility is a function of the social system when the population as a whole is considered and a function of the subsystems when the two-fold division of core families and marginal families is considered .
As mentioned above , where families are concentrated in larger numbers , group controls seem strongest and most effective .
Institutionalization Though undoubtedly all six processes are operative within the whole social system and its subsystems , two processes that are of crucial importance to this study will be singled out for particular emphasis .
In discussing the process of communication , Loomis defines it as `` the process by which information , decisions , and directives are transmitted among actors and the ways in which knowledge , opinions , and attitudes are formed , or modified by interaction '' .
Intense interaction is easier where segregated living and occupational segregation mark off a group from the rest of the community , as in the case of this population .
'' The external pattern or external system can be considered as `` group behavior that enables the group to survive in its environment .
Where boundary maintenance describes the boundaries or limits of the group , systemic linkage is defined `` as the process whereby one or more of the elements of at least two social systems is articulated in such a manner that the two systems in some ways and on some occasions may be viewed as a single unit .
Different cards are used for males and females , and a corner is clipped from the cards of adults , and of children when they reach puberty .
Personal identification cards are issued to all adult males on which tax payments , inoculations , periods of employment , and changes of residence are recorded .
Each adult is held personally responsible for assuring his inscription and obtaining an identification card which must be shown on demand .
The AIMO organizations of both countries , which maintain administrative services throughout the territories , retained immediate responsibility for the collection and publication of demographic information .
The 1952 demographic inquiry in Ruanda-Urundi was directed by V. Neesen , a member of the IRSAC staff , though the inquiry was carried out under the auspices of AIMO , which has continuing responsibility for demographic statistics in this territory .
The populations of the various districts , or other major divisions , were stratified by type of community ( rural , urban , mixed ) and , where appropriate , by ethnic affiliation and by type of economy .
It supplies local data which are useful in administration and which can be used as a basis for intensive studies in particular situations .
It also provides a frame within which the registration of vital events is gradually gaining force ( though one cannot expect to obtain reliable vital statistics in most parts of the Congo from this source in the near future ) .
These area reports will be followed , according to present plans , by a summary report , which will include a detailed statement on methods .
With this evidence in mind , the writer began to plan how he might more effectively educate the married students in his functional classes .
In their own words , it had aided them to get a clearer picture of how they had gotten into their marriages , and perhaps they had obtained some insights on why certain troubles appeared from time to time .
All of them felt a compelling need for more coverage on areas that could be only lightly touched upon in a general survey functional course .
I can now better see just what processes provoked certain actions from me in the past .
This action was rationalized on the basis of a small survey which indicated that a high percentage of married freshmen women on our campus never become sophomores .
By permitting freshman students we might extend the opportunity for such a course to some individuals who otherwise might never get to take it .
The philosophy has been that if they could find the time to attend class why not encourage them to get the credit and perhaps provide an incentive to do the work more effectively .
Why ? ?
It ranged from a freshman woman , just married , through the various academic growth stages , including one senior-graduate student , to a young faculty member recently married to a senior man who also attended .
It ranged from those with no children , through students in various stages of pregnancy , to one 44-year-old male with four children , three of whom were teenagers .
It ranged from two women members who had experienced premarital pregnancy to one couple twelve years married and seemingly unable to conceive .
One might digress at this point and speculate that if it is `` wise '' to create special sections for special status , then why not a special section for women pregnant before marriage , and one for 44-year-old men with teenage children , and so on .
But few who have experienced marriage can dispute the fact that the focus of interpersonal relationships is different in marriage than in a pre-marital situation .
He did build a framework of academic `` respectability '' , and one which did not encroach upon the `` sacred sovereignty '' of any other existing campus course .
This is to say that this was not a course in wise buying or money spending methods , nor a course in how to raise children .
A steering committee of students was organized on the first day whose duty it was to be alert and constantly evaluate and re-evaluate the direction and pace the class was taking .
But the greater part of semester time was actually centered around the attitudes : `` So we are married -- now how do we make the best of it '' ? ?
Or `` How do we enrich our already fine marriage '' ? ?
The writer never knew from week to week just where the section might be .
Also , although only a few of the students were intimately acquainted with each other in the beginning , most reported that when the semester ended their dearest and closest campus friendships were with members of that class .
Whereas a high percentage of the regular students can be expected to read other texts which more or less plow the same ground in a little different direction , the married students chose whole books on specific areas and went into much greater detail in their areas of interest .
Since the writer had not noticed this characteristic in married students scattered throughout the various sections previous to this experiment , nor , as a matter of fact , in those who were continuing in `` single sections '' , he can only conclude that there must have been something `` contagious '' within the specific group which caused this to occur .
In short , it was centered around learning how to develop a more sensitive empathy .
From here they proceeded to ( 3 ) These same areas in relation to their own future family life stages , developing these to the extent of examining various crises which could be expected to confront them at some time or other .
But just when was an unknown , and of course the longer it did not happen , the stronger her wish and belief that it might not .
Since her bereavement this individual has reported to the writer on numerous occasions about how helpful the class discussions were to her in this adjustment crisis .
It was predicted that Kohnstamm-negative subjects would adhere to more liberal , concretistic reports of what the ambiguous figure `` looked like '' as reflecting their hesitancy about taking chances .
This was true mostly of those Kohnstamm-negative subjects who did not perceive the ambiguous figure as people in action .
These were the same subjects who were given the Rorschach test .
Some predictions had been made concerning factors R , N , I and Co on these inventories which appeared to be directly related to control and security aspects of personality functioning which were hypothesized as being of importance in differential Kohnstamm reactivity .
One prediction had been made about the difference in security or self-confidence between those subjects who shifted their Kohnstamm reactivity when informed and those who did not .
It was predicted that those who shifted in their Kohnstamm reactivity would differ significantly from those who did not on the factor I which the investigators refer to as the `` Inferiority '' factor .
All of the subjects in the Kohnstamm-negative and Kohnstamm-positive groups ( as defined for purposes of the personality studies ) were compared with those subjects who shifted in Conditions 3 , or 4 .
A t test on these two groups , shifters vs. nonshifters , gave a `` t '' value of 2.405 which is significant on the two-tail test at the
Only 27% ( 11 subjects ) gave a positive Kohnstamm reaction when completely naive concerning the phenomenon .
There were 49% ( 20 subjects ) who did not give a positive reaction even after they were informed of the normalcy of such a reaction and had been given a demonstration .
There were 24% ( 10 subjects ) who shifted from a negative to a positive reaction after they were reassured as to the normalcy of the Kohnstamm-positive reaction .
One subject changed when given only the information that some people have something happen to their arm when they relax .
Five subjects ( 12% ) did not change until they had been told that some people have something happen to their arm , what that something was , and also were given a demonstration .
Four subjects ( 10% ) did not change even then but needed the additional information that an arm-elevation under these circumstances was a perfectly normal reflex reaction which some people showed while others did not .
Those who responded with an arm-elevation in the naive state did not change their reaction when told that there were some normal people who did not react in this fashion .
This information was accepted with the frequent interpretation that those persons who did not show arm-levitation must be preventing it .
Moreover , when the experimenter did inform those subjects that there were some normal people who did not have their arm rise once they relaxed , the Kohnstamm-positive subjects were uninfluenced in their subsequent reactions to the Kohnstamm situation .
Autosuggestibility , the reaction of the subject in such a way as to conform to his own expectations of the outcome ( i.e. , that the arm-rise is a reaction to the pressure exerted in the voluntary contraction , because of his knowledge that `` to every reaction there is an equal and opposite reaction '' ) also seems inadequate as an explanation for the following reasons : ( 1 ) the subjects' apparently genuine experience of surprise when their arms rose , and ( 2 ) manifestations of the phenomenon despite anticipations of something else happening ( e.g. , of becoming dizzy and maybe falling , an expectation spontaneously volunteered by one of the subjects ) .
A suggestion Hypothesis also seems inadequate as an explanation for those who shifted their reactions after they were informed of the possibilities of `` normal '' reactions different from those which they gave .
While they were told that there were some normal people who reacted differently than they had , they were also informed that there were other normals who reacted as they had .
They were not free to be themselves in this situation , an interpersonal one , where there was an observer of their reactions and they had no guide for acceptable behavior .
Instructions to relax , i.e. , to be `` spontaneous '' , and react immediately to whatever impulse they might have , was not sufficiently reassuring until some idea of the possibilities of normal reactions had been given .
While other conditions might be even more effective in bringing about a change from immobility to mobility in Kohnstamm reactivity , it is our hypothesis that all such conditions would have as a common factor the capacity to induce an attitude in the subject which enabled him to divorce himself temporarily from feelings of responsibility for his behavior .
Alcohol ingestion succeeded in changing immobility to mobility quite strikingly in one pilot subject ( the only one with whom this technique was tried ) .
This subject , who has been undergoing psychoanalytic psychotherapy for five years , did not give a positive Kohnstamm reaction under any of the four standardized conditions used in this experiment while sober .
She ascribed her delight with both experiences to the effect they seemed to have of temporarily removing from her the controls which she felt so compulsively necessary to maintain even when it might seem appropriate to relax these controls .
These suggested interpretations were given by the subjects spontaneously when they were told that there were people who reacted differently than they had .
The Kohnstamm-positive subjects described the vivid experience of having their arms rise as one in which they exercised no control .
Some of those who did not initially react with an arm-elevation also associated their behavior in the situation with control factors -- an inability to relinquish control voluntarily .
This subject was one who gave an arm-elevation on the second trial in the naive state but not in the first .
When informed that there were some persons who did not have their arm go up , she commented , `` I don't see how they can prevent it '' .
They felt that they were relaxing as much as they could and that any control factors which might be present to prevent response must be on an unconscious level .
One Kohnstamm-positive subject who had both arms rise while being tested in the naive condition described her subjective experience as follows : `` You feel they're going up and you're on a stage and it's not right for them to do so and then you think maybe that's what's supposed to happen '' .
She then described her experience as one in which she first had difficulty accepting for herself a state of being in which she relinquished control .
There was a significantly greater number in this group who reported a desk as being in a tilted position while a tennis ball resting on it remained stationary on the incline .
Yet they were not so bound by past experience and constriction as to deny their immediate perceptions and to be dominated by their knowledge of what the experience should be .
When informed as to the various possibilities of normal reactions , they were then able to experience the uniqueness of the present .
While the interpretations that have been given are inferences only , they gain support from such comments as the following , which was made by one of the Kohnstamm-negative subjects who did not , on the first trial , perceive the tilt illusion .
Children whose reading scores were at least one standard deviation below the regression line of each total third-grade school population were considered under-achievers for the purposes of sample selection .
The parent was asked to describe the child's typical behavior in certain standard situations in which there was an opportunity to observe tendencies toward perfectionism in demands upon self and others , irrational conformity to rules , orderliness , punctuality , and need for certainty .
Final ratings were made on the basis of a point system which was developed after studying the distributions of actual behaviors recorded and assigning weight values to each type of behavior that was deviant from the discovered norms .
Children scoring high in compulsivity were those who gave evidence of tension or emotionality in situations where there was lack of organization or conformity to standards and expectations , or who made exaggerated efforts to achieve these goals .
The low compulsive child was one who appeared relatively unconcerned about such matters .
But she cleans it up very well when I remind her '' .
There is much research evidence to validate the use of the instrument in differentiating individuals who are likely to manifest anxiety in varying degrees .
Although the Taylor Scale was designed as a group testing device , in this study it was individually administered by psychologically trained workers who established rapport and assisted the children in reading the items .
The two ratings yield a correlation of , which is not significantly different from zero ; ;
In the primary grades , reading permeates almost every aspect of school progress , and the children's early experiences of success or failure in learning to read often set a pattern of total achievement that is relatively enduring throughout the following years .
It is the discrepancy between the actual attained achievement test score and the score that would be predicted by the I.Q. .
Tables 1 and 2 present the results of the statistical analysis of the data when compulsivity is used as the descriptive variable .
It can be seen too that when we contrast levels of compulsivity within the structured schools , the high compulsive children do better ( Af ) .
While we had expected that compulsive children in the unstructured school setting would have difficulty when compared to those in the structured , we were surprised to find that the achievement of the high compulsives within the schools where the whole-word method is used in beginning reading compares favorably with that of the low compulsives .
Our conjecture is , then , that regardless of the manner in which school lessons are taught , the compulsive child accentuates those elements of each lesson that aid him in systematizing his work .
When helped by a high degree of structure in lesson presentation , then , and only then , does such a child attain unusual success .
The interaction effect , which is significant at the level , can be seen best in the contrast of mean scores .
According to the theory proposed , this is a consequence of the severe condition of perceived threat that persists unabated for the anxious child in an ambiguous sort of school environment .
Roleplaying was offered as a solution -- and the procedure worked as follows : all candidates were invited to a hotel conference room , where the president explained the difficulty he had , and how unnecessary it seemed to him to hire people who just did not work out .
The reason for the value of this procedure was simply that the applicants were tested `` at work '' in different situations by the judgment of a number of experts who could see how the salesmen conducted themselves with different , but typical restaurant owners and managers .
Another use of roleplaying for evaluation illustrates how this procedure can be used in real life situations without special equipment or special assistants during the daily course of work .
The position of receptionist was opened in a large office and an announcement was made to the other girls already working that they could apply for this job which had higher prestige and slightly higher salary than typing and clerking positions .
At the end of work one day , the personnel man took the applicants one at a time , asked them to sit behind the receptionist's desk and he then played the role of a number of people who might come to the receptionist with a number of queries and for a number of purposes .
Somewhat to his surprise he found that one girl , whom he would never have considered for the job since she had appeared somewhat mousy and also had been in the office a relatively short time , did the most outstanding job of playing the role of receptionist , showing wit , sparkle , and aplomb .
She was hired and was found to be entirely satisfactory when she played the role eight hours a day .
An engineer had been made the works manager of a firm , supplanting a retired employee who had been considered outstandingly successful .
Despite the fact that he was regarded as an outstanding engineer , he seemed to be a very poor administrator , although no one quite knew what was wrong with him .
He played a number of typical situations before observers , other supervisors who kept notes and then explained to him in detail what he did they thought was wrong .
Entirely concerned with efficiency , he was merciless in criticizing people who made mistakes , condemning them to too great an extent .
He did not really listen to others , had little interest in their ideas , and wanted to have his own way -- which was the only right way .
In a course for supermarket operators , a district manager who had been recently appointed to his position after being outstandingly successful as a store manager , found that in supervising other managers he was having a difficult time .
How this was accomplished may be described , since this sometimes is a crucial problem .
The manager sat behind the group so he could see and count the hands that went up , and the director wrote the numbers on the blackboard .
The first eight of these eighteen statements , which received at least one-half of the votes , were duplicated to form an analysis checklist for the particular manager , and when this particular manager roleplayed in other situations , the members checked any items that appeared .
To prevent the manager from deliberately controlling himself only during the sessions , they were rather lengthy ( about twenty minutes ) , the situations were imperfectly described to the manager so that he would not know what to expect , new antagonists were brought on the scene unexpectedly , and the antagonists were instructed to deliberately behave in such ways as to upset the manager and get him to operate in a manner for which he had been previously criticized .
In life we learn to play our roles and we `` freeze '' into patterns which become so habitual that we are not really aware of what we do .
To learn what we do is the first step for improvement .
When an evaluative situation is set up , and no concern is with the details that lead to an over-all estimate , we say that roleplaying is used for evaluation .
It is not easy for the therapist to discern when , in the patient's communicating , an introject has appeared and is holding sway .
One learns to become alert to changes in his vocal tone -- to his voice's suddenly shifting to a quality not like his usual one , a quality which sounds somehow artificial or , in some instances , parrot-like .
only seldom is it so simple as to be a matter of his obviously parroting some timeworn axiom , common to our culture , which he has evidently heard , over and over , from a parent until he experiences it as part of him .
One hebephrenic woman often became submerged in what felt to me like a somehow phony experience of pseudo-emotion , during which , despite her wracking sobs and streaming cheeks , I felt only a cold annoyance with her .
Eventually such incidents became more sporadic , and more sharply demarcated from her day-after-day behavior , and in one particular session , after several minutes of such behavior -- which , as usual , went on without any accompanying words from her -- she asked , eagerly , `` Did you see Granny '' ? ?
At first I did not know what she meant ; ;
I thought she must be seeing me as some one who had just come from seeing her grandmother , in their distant home-city .
Then I realized that she had been deliberately showing me , this time , what Granny was like ; ;
and when I replied in this spirit , she corroborated my hunch .
At another phase in the therapy , when a pathogenic mother-introject began to emerge more and more upon the investigative scene , she muttered in a low but intense voice , to herself , `` I hate that woman inside me '' ! !
Then I replied , coldly , `` If you despise me , why don't you say so , directly '' ? ?
It then occurred to me to ask , `` Is that what that woman told you '' ? ?
I realized , now , that she had been showing me , in what impressed me as being a very accurate way , something her mother had once said to her ; ;
it was as if she was showing me one of the reasons why she hated that woman inside her .
What had been an unmanageably powerful introject was now , despite its continuing charge of energy disconcerting to me , sufficiently within control of her ego that she could use it to show me what this introjected mother was like .
Earlier , this woman had been so filled with a chaotic variety of introjects that at times , when she was in her room alone , it would sound to a passerby as though there were several different persons in the room , as she would vocalize in various kinds of voice .
A somewhat less fragmented hebephrenic patient of mine , who used to often seclude herself in her room , often sounded through the closed door -- as I would find on passing by , between our sessions -- for all the world like two persons , a scolding mother and a defensive child .
Particularly hard for the therapist to grasp are those instances in which the patient is manifesting an introject traceable to something in the therapist , some aspect of the therapist of which the latter is himself only poorly aware , and the recognition of which , as a part of himself , he finds distinctly unwelcome .
and only when I can acknowledge this , to myself , as being indeed an aspect of my personality , does it cease to be a prominently troublesome aspect of the patient's behavior .
For example , one hebephrenic man used to annoy me , month after month , by saying , whenever I got up to leave and made my fairly steoreotyped comment that I would be seeing him on the following day , or whenever , `` You're welcome '' , in a notably condescending fashion -- as though it were his due for me to thank him for the privilege of spending the hour with him , and he were thus pointing up my failure to utter a humbly grateful , `` thank you '' to him at the end of each session .
Eventually it became clear to me , partly with the aid of another schizophrenic patient who could point out my condescension to me somewhat more directly , that this man , with his condescending , `` You're welcome '' , was very accurately personifying an element of obnoxious condescension which had been present in my own demeanor , over these months , on each of these occasions when I had bid him good-bye with the consoling note , each time , that the healing Christ would be stooping to dispense this succor to the poor sufferer again on the morrow .
Another patient , a paranoid woman , for many months infuriated not only me but the ward-personnel and her fellow patients by arrogantly behaving as though she owned the whole building , as though she were the only person in it whose needs were to be met .
This behavior on her part subsided only after I had come to see the uncomfortably close similarity between , on the one hand , her arranging the ventilation of the common living room to her own liking , or turning the television off or on without regard to the wishes of the others , and on the other hand , my own coming stolidly into her room despite her persistent and vociferous objections , bringing my big easy chair with me , usually shutting the windows of her room which she preferred to keep in a very cold state , and plunking myself down in my chair -- in short , behaving as if I owned her room .
More than anything , it is the therapist's intuitive sensing of these latent meanings in the stereotype which helps these meanings to become revealed , something like a spread-out deck of cards , on sporadic occasions over the passage of the patient's and his months of work together .
One cannot assume , of course , that all these accumulated meanings were inherent in the stereotype at the beginning of the therapy , or at any one time later on when the stereotype was uttered ; ;
But it is true that the therapist can sense , when he hears this stereotype , that there are at this moment many emotional determinants at work in it , a blurred babel of indistinct voices which have yet to become clearly delineated from one another .
Or an `` I want to go home '' , or whatever -- but a nonverbal one which reveals itself , gradually , as the condensed expression of more than one latent meaning .
When the therapist came to feel on sufficiently sure ground with him to ask him , `` What is that , Bill -- hello or farewell '' ? ?
Of all the possible forms of nonverbal expression , that which seems best to give release , and communicational expression , to complex and undifferentiated feelings is laughter .
It is no coincidence that the hebephrenic patient , the most severely dedifferentiated of all schizophrenic patients , shows , as one of his characteristic symptoms , laughter -- laughter which now makes one feel scorned or hated , which now makes one feel like weeping , or which now gives one a glimpse of the bleak and empty expanse of man's despair ; ;
and which , more often than all these , conveys a welter of feelings which could in no way be conveyed by any number of words , words which are so unlike this welter in being formed and discrete from one another .
in working with these patients the therapist eventually gets to do some at least private mulling over of the possible meaning of a belch , or the passage of flatus , not only because he is reduced to this for lack of anything else to analyze , but also because he learns that even these animal-like sounds constitute forms of communication in which , from time to time , quite different things are being said , long before the patient can become sufficiently aware of these , as distinct feelings and concepts , to say them in words .
this is a question which I have no wish to take up -- condensation is a phenomenon in which one finds not a condensed expression of various feelings and ideas which are , at an unconscious level , well sorted out , but rather a condensed expression of feelings and ideas which , even in the unconscious , have yet to become well differentiated from one another .
Recently , for example , a paranoid woman's large-scale philosophizing , in the session , about the intrusive curiosity which has become , in her opinion , a deplorable characteristic of mid-twentieth-century human culture , developed itself , before the end of the session , into a suspicion that I was surreptitiously peeking at her partially exposed breast , as indeed I was .
Or , equally often , a concretistic-seeming , particularistic-seeming statement may consist , with its mundane exterior , in a form of poetry -- may be full of meaning and emotion when interpreted as a figurative expression : a metaphor , a smile , an allegory , or some other symbolic mode of speaking .
A borderline schizophrenic young man told me that to him the various theoretical concepts about which he had been expounding , in a most articulate fashion , during session after session with me , were like great cubes of almost tangibly solid matter up in the air above him ; ;
as he spoke I was reminded of the great bales of cargo which are swung , high in the air , from a docked steamship .
The many linguistic techniques for reducing the amount of dictionary information that have been proposed all organize the dictionary's contents around prefixes , stems , suffixes , etc. .
But first , we must define two terms so that their meaning will be clearly understood : form -- any unique sequence of alphabetic characters that can appear in a language preceded and followed by a space ; ;
Also , the dictionary is divided into at least two parts : the list of dictionary forms and the file of information that pertains to these forms .
When an occurrence Af is isolated during text reading , a random memory address Af , the address of a cell in the X-region , is computed from the form of Af .
Let us assume that Af is identical to the form of an occurrence Af which preceded Af in the text .
When this situation exists , the address Af will equal Af which was produced from Af .
When , as in this case , the two forms match , the address Af is saved to represent the occurrence Af .
Thus , when more than one distinct form leads to a particular cell in the X-region , a chain of information cells must be created to accommodate the forms , one cell in the chain for each form .
If Af leads to an address Af that is equal to the address computed from Af , even though Af does not match Af , the chain of information cells is extended from Af by storing the address of the next available cell in the Y-region , Af , in Af .
Each information cell in the chain contains the address of the Y-cell where the form to which it is assigned is stored .
Each cell except the last in the chain also contains the address of the Y-cell that is the next element of the chain ; ;
Hence , when the address Af is computed from Af , the cell Af and all Y-cells in its chain must be inspected to determine whether Af is already in the form list or whether it should be added to the form list and the chain .
When the information cell for Af has been determined , it is saved as a representation of Af .
Text reading is terminated when a pre-determined number of forms have been stored in the text-form list .
These two pieces of information for each dictionary form that is matched by a text form constitute the table of dictionary usage .
If each text form is marked when matched with a dictionary form , the text forms not contained in the dictionary can be identified when all dictionary forms have been read .
A random address Af that lies within the X-region of memory mentioned earlier is computed from the i-th dictionary form .
If cell Af is an information cell , it and any information cells in the Y-region that have been linked to Af each contain an address in the W-region where a potentially matching form is stored .
When a match is found , an entry is made in the table of dictionary usage .
The final step merely uses the table of dictionary usage to select the dictionary information that pertains to each form matched in the text-form list , and uses the list of information cells recorded in text order to attach the appropriate information to each occurrence in text .
A description of this process will serve to illustrate how any type of information can be retrieved from the dictionary and attached to each text occurrence .
When entries are being retrieved from this file , the table of dictionary usage indicates which entries to skip and which entries to store in the computer .
Each entry that is selected for storage is written into the next available cells of the Aj .
) When the complete file has been read , the grammatical descriptions for all text forms found in the dictionary have been stored in the W-region ; ;
( Here an entry is a form plus the information that pertains to it .
When irregularity and variation prevent summarizing , information is written in complete detail .
Entries are summarized only when by doing so the amount of information retained in the dictionary is reduced and the time required for dictionary operations is decreased .
In sentences , patterns of stress are determined by complex combinations of influences that can only be suggested here .
In the tune to which this hymn is most often sung , `` Boylston '' , the syllables have and fy , ending their lines , have twice the time any other syllables have .
Dominant stress is of course more than extended duration , and normally centers on syllables that would have primary stress or phrase stress if the words or longer units they are parts of were spoken alone : a dominant stress given to glorify would normally center on its first syllable rather than its last .
When the answer to what's wrong now ? ?
Dominant stress is on her luggage both in that's her luggage , where her luggage is the complement , and in there's her luggage , where it is the subject .
Adverbial second complements , however , are likely not to have dominant stress when they terminate sentences .
When prepositional complements are divided as in what are you looking for ? ?
What is new in the context is likely to be made more prominent than what is not .
Thus in a context in which there has been discussion of snow but mention of local conditions is new , dominant stress will probably be on here in it rarely snows here , but in a context in which there has been discussion of local weather but no mention of snow , dominant stress will probably be on snows .
The personal pronouns and substitute one are normally unstressed because they refer to what is prominent in the immediate context .
but if George has just been mentioned prominently ( and the trip to be made has been under discussion ) , what is said is probably I'll go with him , and dominant stress is probably on the preposition with .
When a gesture accompanies who's he ? ?
But when what is new in a particular context is also fairly obvious , there is normally only light stress or no stress at all .
In she has it in for George dominant stress will ordinarily be on in , where the notion of stored-up antipathy seems to center .
Where there is comparison or contrast , dominant stresses normally operate to center attention .
The desire to contrast the first parts of words which are alike in their last components produces an exceptional disregard of the normal patterns of stress of Chinese and Japanese .
Thus in Mary wrote an account of the trip first strong stress on Mary marks Mary as the first in a series of people who wrote accounts of the trip , strong stress on wrote marks the writing as the first of a series of actions of Mary's concerned with an account of her trip ( about which she may later have made speeches , for example ) , and strong stress on trip makes the trip the first of a series of subjects about which Mary wrote accounts .
Strong stress on hunger treats hunger as an additional stimulus , strong stress on stimulates treats stimulation as an additional effect of hunger , strong stress on man treats man as an additional creature who responds to the stimulation of hunger .
When a word represents a larger construction of which it is the only expressed part , it normally has more stress than it would have in fully expressed construction .
Thus when yes , I have is the response to have you finished reading the paper ? ?
The stress on have , which here represents have finished reading the paper , is quite strong .
When go represents itself and a complement ( being equivalent , say , to go to Martinique ) in which boat did Jack go on ? ?
when it represents only itself and on which is its complement ( so that go on is semantically equivalent to board ) , on has stronger stress than go does .
Omission of a subordinator pronoun , however , does not result in an increase in stress on a prepositional adverb for which the subordinator pronoun would be object .
But when to represents to consciousness in that was the moment that I came to , and similarly in that was the moment I came to , there is much stronger stress on to .
When I have instructions to leave is equivalent in meaning to I have instructions that I am to leave this place , dominant stress is ordinarily on leave .
When the same sequence is equivalent in meaning to I have instructions which I am to leave , dominant stress is ordinarily on instructions .
It is clear that patterns of stress sometimes show construction unambiguously in the spoken language where without the help of context it would be ambiguous in the written .
In the Steiners have busy lives without visiting relatives only context can indicate whether visiting relatives is equivalent in meaning to paying visits to relatives or to relatives who are visiting them , and in I looked up the number and I looked up the chimney only the meanings of number and chimney make it clear that up is syntactically a second complement in the first sentence and a preposition followed by its object in the second .
-- Syllables are linguistic units centering in peaks which are usually vocalic but , as has been noted , are consonantal under certain circumstances , and which may or may not be combined with preceding and/or following consonants or combinations of consonants .
Historically re is the formative that is employed also in republic , and al is the common suffix .
When ity is added , real clearly has two syllables .
But there is every reason to regard deal as a monosyllable , and because of the fact that /l/ commonly has the quality of AAb/ when it follows vowel sounds , deal seems to be a perfectly satisfactory rhyme with deal .
The great majority of present-day linguists fall into one or more of a number of overlapping types : those who are convinced that tone cannot be analysed , those who are personally scared of tone and tone languages generally , those who are convinced that tone is merely an unnecessary marginal feature in those languages where it occurs , those who have no idea how to proceed with tone analysis , those who take a simplistic view of the whole matter .
They will give suggestions that can be worked up into field procedures .
One issue that must be faced is the relative difficulty of analysis of different phonologic subsystems .
Tone languages use for linguistic contrasts speech parameters which also function heavily in nonlinguistic use .
With tone , individual differences may be greater than the linguistic contrasts which are superimposed on them .
However , any such suggestion accounts for only some of the difficulties in hearing tone , or in developing a realistic attitude about tone , but not for the analytic difficulties that occur even when tone is meticulously recorded .
The phonemic systems which must support these morphophonemic systems , however , are very different .
Tonal morphophonemics is much more confusing to the beginning analyst than consonantal morphophonemics , even when the total number of rules is no greater .
Most others have been content to give only the most general attention to the broadest and most obvious features of the phonology when designing orthographies .
The result of this attitude has been the domination of many orthography conferences by such considerations as typographic ' esthetics ' , which usually turns out to be nothing more than certain prejudices carried over from European languages .
Many of the suggested systems seem to have only the most tenuous relationship to the language structures that they purport to represent .
As a result , many people have been confirmed in their conviction that orthography design is not an activity to which experts can contribute anything but confusion .
His objective is merely to determine `` what distinctions of length and syllabicity it may be desirable to make explicit in a Kikuyu orthography '' ( 59 ) .
In the process , he develops some very significant observations about problems of a sort that are often difficult .
He concludes that some changes can be made in the current orthography which will appreciably improve its usefulness , but hesitates to suggest precise graphic devices to effect these changes .
This , however , will not exhaust their practical usefulness , as they rather clearly indicate what thorough phonologic investigation can contribute to orthography design .
The paper has a certain value as a comparatively easy introduction to this approach , particularly since it treats a fairly simple and straightforward phenomenon where it is possible to compare it with a more traditional ( though not structural ) statement .
It does show one feature of the system that has not been previously described .
There are more stems per item in Athabascan , which expresses the fact that the Athabascan languages have undergone somewhat more change in diverging from proto-Athabascan than the Yokuts languages from proto-Yokuts .
The differentiation , however , is not very much greater , as shown by the fact that Athabascan shows 3.46 stems per meaning slot as against 2.75 for Yokuts , with a slightly greater number of languages represented in our sample : 24 as against 21 .
These differences in turn result from the fact that my Yokuts vocabularies were built up of terms selected mainly to insure unambiguity of English meaning between illiterate informants and myself , within a compact and uniform territorial area , but that Hoijer's vocabulary is based on Swadesh's second glottochronological list which aims at eliminating all items which might be culturally or geographically determined .
Swadesh in short was trying to develop a basic list that was universal ; ;
I , one that was specifically adapted to the San Joaquin Valley .
What we have left as reasonably comparable are four classes : ( 1 ) body parts and products , which with a proportionally nearly even representation ( 51 terms out of 253 , 25 out of 100 ) come out with nearly even ratios ; ;
It will be seen that where the scope is similar , the Athabascan ratios come out somewhat higher ( as indeed they ought to with a total ratio of 2.8 as against 3.5 or 4 : 5 ) except for verbs , where alone the Athabascan ratio is lower .
When now we count the frequency of the 71 items in the two language families appearing in the same column or grade , or one column or grade apart , or two or three or four , we find these differences : Af
which , divided by Af gives a mean of 1.07 grades apart .
If it were wholly random and unrelated , it would be 2.0 , assuming the five classes were equal in n , which approximately they are .
In 1960 , David D. Thomas published Basic Vocabulary In some Mon-Khmer Languages ( AL 2 , No. 3 , pp. 7 - 11 ) , which compares 8 Mon-Khmer languages with the I-E language data on which Swadesh based the revised retention rate ( Af ) in place of original ( Af ) , and his revised 100 word basic glottochronological list in Towards Greater Accuracy ( IJAL 21 : :
Thomas also presents a simple equation for deriving an index of persistence , which weights not only the number of stems ( ' roots ' ) per meaning , but their relative frequency .
I was at least conscious of the distinction in my full Yokuts presentation that awaits publication , in which , in listing ' Two-Stem Meanings ' , I set off by asterisks those forms in which N of stem B was Af of stem A/3 , the unasterisked ones standing for Af ; ;
or under ' Four Stems ' , I set off by asterisks cases where the combined N of stems Af was Af .
These findings , and others which will in time be developed , will affect the method of glottochronological inquiry .
If adjectival meanings show relatively low retentiveness of stems , as I am confident will prove to be the case in most languages of the world , why should our basic lists include 15 per cent of these unstable forms , but only 8 per cent of animals and plants which replace much more slowly ? ?
Why then this urge to include unstable items in his basic list ? ?
And why that insistence ? ?
The practical operational problem of lexicostatistics is the establishment of a basic list of items of meaning against which the particular forms or terms of languages can be matched as the medium of comparison .
of acquiring evidential knowledge of what happened in Athabascan , in Yokuts , in Uto-Aztecan in the last few thousand years as well as forecasting what more anciently may have happened between them .
If of the founders of glottochronology Swadesh has escaped our steady plodding , and Lees has repudiated his own share in the founding , that is no reason why we should swerve .
There is no apparent reason why we should feel bound by Swadesh's rules and procedure since his predilections and aims have grown so vast .
I would propose , next , as the prime requirement for constitution of new basic lists , items whose forms show as high an empirical retention rate as possible .
There would be no conceivable sense in going to the opposite extreme of selecting items whose forms are the most unstable .
An attempted middle course might lead to devices like a 5000-word alphabetized dictionary from which every fiftieth word was selected .
When the Yalta Conference opened , the American policy of postponing all discussion of Russia's western boundaries until the peace conference had broken down .
The West was now glad to propose the 1919 Curzon Line , which was substantially Russia's 1941 border , as the boundary between Russia and Poland .
When this proposal was made , Stalin spoke with stronger emotion than at any other time during the Conference .
He did not mind the Line itself , which Churchill declared in the House of Commons , on February 27 , 1945 , he had always believed to be `` just and right '' , but he did not want it called by a hated name .
The West had long since forgotten the events of 1919 , but it was not so easy for the Red leaders , who felt that they had suffered great injustice in that period .
From six to nine million additional Germans would be evicted , though most would have fled , and Poland would receive far more from Germany than the poor territories , including the great Pripet Marshes , which she lost to Russia .
By this time Churchill was not so cordial toward moving Poland westward as he had been at Teheran , where he and Eden had both heartily approved the idea .
At Yalta he thought more about the six million Germans who would have to leave , trying to find work in Germany , and Roosevelt objected to the Western Neisse River being chosen in the south , instead of the Eastern Neisse , both of which flow into the Oder .
The moving of millions of the German master-race , from the very heart of Junkerdom , to make room for the Polish Slavs whom they had enslaved and openly planned to exterminate was a drastic operation , but there was little doubt that it was historically justified .
Throughout history , Poland has been the corridor through which the enemy has passed into Russia .
Any free elections that were to be held in Poland would have to produce a government in which Moscow had complete confidence , and all pressure from the West for free voting by anti-Soviet elements in Poland would be met by restrictions on voting by these elements .
In even greater degree the same rule applied to the remainder of Eastern Europe , where the upper classes had generally collaborated with the Nazis , even to the extent of sending millions of their peasants into Russia as a part of Hitler's armies .
Later it developed that the Soviets had a very different interpretation of democracy , which will be discussed later , and their judgment never told them that the Big Three should unite in establishing democratic conditions , as we understand them , within their zone of influence .
Professor McNeill thinks that at Yalta , Stalin did not fully realize the dilemma which faced him , that he thought the exclusion of the anti-Soviet voters from East European elections would not be greatly resented by his allies , while neither Roosevelt nor Churchill frankly faced `` the fact that , in Poland at least , genuinely free democratic elections would return governments unfriendly to Russia '' , by any definition of international friendliness .
This is a penetrating description of our post-war illusion , which applied to other areas than East Europe .
Then the editorial added prophetically : `` how far they may reach in Asia is yet undetermined , but they fall far short of our dreams of the war conferences '' .
Here is the best short explanation of the origins of the Cold War that has been written .
Then China promptly went Communist , and Mr. Truman had to fight the interminable Korean war for the democratization of Korea before we learned how far our writ did `` reach in Asia '' .
When the Yalta Papers were finally published with great fanfare they had revealed no betrayal by anyone .
However , the regionally differentiated results , which appear below in tables , are interesting evidence of the problems of developing self-government under even the most favorable circumstances .
The fourth and concluding point will be to estimate the long-run significance of the elections and how they figure in the current pattern of internal politics .
They were stressed in the speeches of Si Mubarak Bekkai when the first Council of Ministers was formed and again when the Istiqlal took a leading role in the second Council .
There followed a long and sometimes bitter discussion of the feasibility of elections for the fall of 1957 , in which it appears that the Minister of the Interior took the most pessimistic view and that the Istiqlal was something less than enthusiastic .
From the very beginning the electoral discussions raised fundamental issues in Moroccan politics , precisely the type of questions that were most difficult to resolve in the new government .
There were rumors that the Ministry of the Interior favored an arbitrary , `` non-political '' process , which were indirectly affirmed when the King personally intervened in the planned meetings .
In late 1957 the M.P. ( Mouvement Populaire ) appeared and in the spring of 1958 the internal strains of the Istiqlal was revealed when the third Council of Government under Balafrej was formed without support from progressive elements in the party .
Despite the internal and international crises that harassed Morocco the elections remained a central issue .
They figured prominently in the Balafrej government of May , 1958 , which the King was reportedly determined to keep in office until elections could be held .
By December , 1958 , when ' Abdallah Ibrahim became President of the Council , elections had even greater importance .
By this time there is little doubt but what election plans were complete .
In the absence of a reservoir of political consensus each organized political group hopes that the elections will give them new prominence , but in a system where there is as yet no place for the less prominent .
Lacking the respected and effective institutions that consensus helps provide , minority parties , such as the P.D.I. in 1957 and the progressive Istiqlal faction in 1958 , clamor for elections when out of power , but are not at all certain they wish to be controlled by popular choice when in power .
The concentration of effective power in Rabat leads not only to party bickering , but to distraction from local activity that might have had many auxiliary benefits in addition to contributing to more meaningful elections .
Interesting evidence can be found in the results of the Chamber of Commerce elections , which took place three weeks before national elections .
The U.N.F.P. learned that its urban organization , which depends heavily on U.M.T. support , was most effective .
The P.D.I. and later the Popular Movement protected the Istiqlal's `` privileged position '' until the fall of Balafrej , and then the Istiqlal used the same argument , which it had previously ignored , against the pro-U.N.F.P. tendencies of the Ibrahim government .
The bulk of the preparation had , of course , proceeded under the supervision of the Ministry of the Interior , whose officials are barred from party activity and probably generally disinterested in party politics .
Apart from some areas of recurring trouble , like Bani Mellal , where inexperienced officials had been appointed , there is little evidence that local officials intervened in the electoral process .
The new Council was itself inescapably of political meaning , which was most clearly revealed in the absence of any U.N.F.P. members and the presence of several Istiqlal leaders .
There were liberal provisions for dispensation where documents or records were lacking .
Unemployed older workers who have no expectation of securing employment in the occupation in which they are skilled should be able to secure counseling and retraining in an occupation with a future .
The present Federal program of vocational education began in 1917 with the passage of the Smith-Hughes Act , which provided a continuing annual appropriation of $7 million to support , on a matching basis , state-administered programs of vocational education in agriculture , trades , industrial skills and home economics .
The latest major change in this program was introduced by the National Defense Education Act of 1958 , Title 8 , of which amended the George-Barden Act .
Annual authorizations of $15 million were added for area vocational education programs that meet national defense needs for highly skilled technicians .
For a number of years Kentucky , Louisiana and several other states have been building state-sponsored vocational education schools that serve nearby school districts in several counties .
These schools are intended to provide the facilities and specialized curriculum that would not be possible for very small school districts .
The existence of a public school vocational training program in trade and industry provides a base from which such needs can be filled .
Thus , besides the training provided to youth in school , the existence of the school program can have supplementary benefits to industry which make it an asset to industrial development efforts .
The opportunity exists for states to reserve some of their vocational education funds to apply on an ad hoc flexible basis to subsidize any local preemployment training programs that may be quickly set up in a community to aid a new industrial plant .
Moreover , the current information on what types of training are needed and possible is too limited and fragmentary .
There simply is not enough material available on the types of job skills that are in demand and the types of training programs that are required or most suitable .
However , there always is some limit to the numbers who will spend the time and effort to acquire training .
Another problem is who will pay for the training .
Programs usually are expanded only when outside funds are available or local business leaders demand it .
If only state funds were used to pay for the vocational education , it could be argued that the state should not have to bear the cost of vocational training which would benefit employers in other states .
However , if Federal funds are used , it would be entirely appropriate to train workers for jobs which could be obtained elsewhere as well as for jobs in the area of chronic unemployment .
A further possibility is suggested by the example of the G. I. bills and also by some recent trends in attitudes toward improving college education : that is to provide financial assistance to individuals for vocational training when local facilities are inadequate .
Such specialized training institutions could be located near the most rapidly growing industries , where the equipment and job experience exist and where the future employment opportunities are located .
This expectation is what really `` sold '' point and figure .
The foregoing have been methods of charting prices , but now let us look at some of the other indices that are customarily charted , and which are looked to for their forecasting abilities .
We now know that things rarely ever work out in such cut-and-dried fashion , and that car loadings , while perhaps interesting enough , are nevertheless not the magic formula that will always turn before stock prices turn .
But the quest for such an index goes on ceaselessly , with all manner of investors and speculators participating , ranging from the sedate institutional type virtually to the proverbial shoe-string operator , all seeking doggedly , studiously , daily -- and often nightly -- for the enchanting index that will foretell the eternal secret : Which way will the market move -- up or down ? ?
Just as heavily invested are the endeavors of multitudes of modern men who carry on the quest for the enchanting index .
There sit men who make moving averages of weekly volume , monthly averages of price-earnings ratios , ratios of the number of advances to the number of declines , ratios of an individual stock's performance to overall market performance , ratios of rising price volume to falling price volume , odd-lot indices , and what not .
And along Chicago's West Jackson Boulevard , La Salle Street , and around the Merchandise Mart Plaza there sit men who chart crop reports , who divide the number of reported lady-bugs by the number of reported green-bugs , and the number of hogs by the amount of corn .
According to the theory underlying odd-lot indices , the trader who trades odd lots is most likely a small trader , one who can't afford to trade round lots .
Thus , in the aggregate , the odd-lot trader is one who buys at the tops and sells at the bottoms , notwithstanding occasional individual exceptions .
One might well wonder why the `` public is always wrong '' and the question raised is about as awkward as the one concerned with the chicken and the egg .
Which came first ? ?
Is it really that the `` public '' buys at the tops , and not that the market tops out when the `` public '' buys ? ?
Does the `` public '' usually sell at bottoms , or does the market usually bottom out when the `` public '' sells ? ?
weak hands ask , What is going on ? ?
When strong hands buy , they are able to buy more , and they do it even in the face of bearish news reports .
They are able to sit more patiently with what they have bought .
Needless to say , strong hands are not eager to be joined by weak hands , for this increases the risk that they will have to absorb what these weak hands unload on the way up , at higher prices , during the run-up phase of the campaign .
But after all , can anyone imagine a market wherein the reverse of these things were true ? ?
Try to imagine a market in which only a minority of traders would lose , and the majority would make consistent profits .
How much and how many profits could a majority take out of the losses of a few ? ?
The study of odd-lot indices is somehow akin to the spectacle of a man trying to outfox his own shadow , what with all observers trying to get on the side of the `` few '' at the same time .
And the few must win what the many lose , for the opposite arrangement would not support markets as we know them at all , and is , in fact , unimaginable .
Anyone still doubting that this is the only way markets can be is invited to try to imagine a market wherein the majority consistently wins what the minority loses .
Mr. John Magee , whose work has been discussed in this chapter , was quoted in a New Yorker Magazine profile as saying : `` Of course , you have to remember it's a good thing for us chartists that there aren't more of us .
What with traders trading for so many different objectives , and what with there being so many unique and individualized market theories and trading techniques in use , and more coming into use all the time , it is hard to imagine how any particular theory or technique could acquire enough `` fans '' to invalidate itself .
In the final analysis , then , the user becomes either a bull or a bear in a given instance , notwithstanding any amount of forethought and calculation , however elaborate .
The purpose set forth at the beginning of this book was first to introduce the reader to a general background knowledge of the various types and capabilities of the forecasting methods already in use , so that he might then be in a position to evaluate for himself the validity of the rather astonishing empirical correlation that is to follow , and to appraise the forecast that its interpretation suggests for the future of farm prices over the years immediately ahead .
By and large , what happens to business as a whole will govern the relationship between demand and supply conditions in the capital markets and will thus determine interest rates .
Moreover , the trend of general business activity in 1961 will exert a decisive influence on fiscal , monetary , and other Federal policies which affect interest rates .
It is difficult to see any powerful sources of strength on the horizon at this time which would give the economy a new upward thrust .
In earlier business cycles , when this occurred the country usually experienced a sharp upturn in residential construction as mortgage financing became easier to obtain .
The 2% increase in retail sales in October to a 4-month high is encouraging in this connection as well as the most recent consumer survey by the National Industrial Conference Board , which shows a decided pickup in consumer spending plans .
The pattern of general business activity which probably lies ahead of us is a further moderate softening through the spring of 1961 before a new rise in economic activity gets under way .
What does the general business outlook suggest about the trend of long-term rates in 1961 ? ?
However , the monetary authorities will continue to be required to pay attention to the consequences of their actions with respect to our international balance of payments position and the outflow of gold , as well as with regard to avoiding the creation of excessive liquidity in the economy , which would delay the effectiveness of monetary policy measures in the next expansion phase of the business cycle .
The principle of `` bills only '' , or `` bills preferably '' , seems so strongly accepted by the Federal Reserve that it is difficult to envision conditions which would persuade the authorities to depart radically from it by extending their open market purchases regularly into long-term Government securities .
By the end of the spring of 1961 , assuming that a general business recovery gets under way , interest rates should begin to edge upward again , depending upon the vigor of the recovery and the determination with which the monetary authorities move to restrain credit availability .
It is pertinent to ask the question : Has the long upswing of interest rates during the past 15 years just about run its course , and are we now entering a period in which both capital market forces and Federal policies will produce a prolonged decline of interest rates ? ?
This view is based upon several basic economic forces which I believe will be operating in the Sixties , as follows : ( 1 )
There are serious dangers involved in this trend toward rising Federal expenditures , of which I take a dim view , but it seems very likely to occur .
During the Sixties we have the prospect of a significant stepping up in the rate of household formations , which should contribute to a rising volume of consumer expenditures and home building .
This is an area in which there is still a large backlog of demand .
State and local expenditures ( in real terms ) increased persistently from $26.5-billion in 1949 to $44.3-billion in 1959 , and it would not be surprising if they showed a comparable increase in this decade , which would carry them to the neighborhood of $75-billion by 1970 .
In a more pessimistic vein about the economic outlook , I suspect that the reservoir of demand for consumer goods and housing which was dammed-up during the Thirties and World War 2 , is finally in the process of running dry .
In a way , we may be witnessing the same thing in the sales of automobiles today as the public no longer is willing to purchase any car coming on the market but is more insistent on compact cars free of the frills which were accepted in the Fifties .
The huge backlog of demand which was evident in the first decade and a half after the War was fed by liquid assets accumulated by the public during the War , and even more so by the easier and easier credit in the consumer loan and home loan fields .
I am confident that it will , but consumer spending in the Sixties will not be fortified by the great backlog of wants and desires which characterized most of the Fifties .
Wage-price policies of industry are the result of a complex of forces -- no single explanation has been found which applies to all cases .
The purpose of this paper is to analyze one possible force which has not been treated in the literature , but which we believe makes a significant contribution to explaining the wage-price behavior of a few very important industries .
While there may be several such industries to which the model of this paper is applicable , the authors make particular claim of relevance to the explanation of the course of wages and prices in the steel industry of the United States since World War 2 .
The model of this paper considers an industry which is not characterized by vigorous price competition , but which is so basic that its wage-price policies are held in check by continuous critical public scrutiny .
Where the industry's product price has been kept below the `` profit-maximizing '' and `` entry-limiting '' prices due to fears of public reaction , the profit seeking producers have an interest in offering little real resistance to wage demands .
In order to focus clearly upon the operation of this one force , which we may call the effect of `` public-limit pricing '' on `` key '' wage bargains , we deliberately simplify the model by abstracting from other forces , such as union power , which may be relevant in an actual situation .
For expository purposes , this is best treated as a model which spells out the conditions under which an important industry affected with the public interest would find it profitable to raise wages even in the absence of union pressures for higher wages .
The industry with which this model is concerned is a basic industry , producing a substantial share of gross national product .
The manner in which this is shared among firms is taken as given .
The form of the industry demand function is one which makes quantity demanded vary inversely with the product price , and vary directly with the level of Aj .
Thus , if public pressure sets the effective limit to the price that the industry may charge , this pressure is itself a function of the wage rate .
Since marginal costs rise when the wage rate rises , the profit-maximizing price also rises when the public-limit price is elevated , and is likely to remain well above the latter .
Where this approach becomes critical , the industry can be expected to put much emphasis on this as evidence of its sincerity in `` resisting '' the wage pressures of a powerful union , requesting tariff relief after it has `` reluctantly '' acceded to the union pressure .
Whether or not it is in the industry's interest to allow the basic wage rate to rise obviously depends upon the extent to which the public-limit price rises in response to a basic wage increase , and the relation of this response to the increase in costs accompanying the wage increase .
The extent to which the public-limit price is raised by a given increase in the basic wage rate is itself a function of three things : the passage of time , the level of GNP , and the size of the wage increase .
We are abstracting from the fact of strikes here , but it should be obvious that the extent to which the public-limit price is raised by a given increase in the basic wage rate is also a function of the show of resistance put up by the industry .
They become increasingly willing to accept the price increase that the industry claims the wage bargain would entail .
Public indignation and resistance to wage-price increases is obviously much less when the increases are on the order of 3% per annum than when the increases are on the order of 3% per month .
The single union which faces the industry does not restrict its membership , and there is an adequate supply of labor available to the firms of the industry at the going wage rate .
The union does not regard unemployment of its own members as a matter of concern when setting its own wage policy -- its concern with employment makes itself felt in pressure upon the government to maintain full employment .
For our present purposes we assume that the sole subject of bargaining is the basic wage rate ( not including productivity improvement factors or cost-of-living adjustments ) , and it is this basic wage rate which determines the level of costs .
Disagreement on the amount of productivity increase exacerbates the problem of agreeing how an increase in profit margins related to a productivity increase should be shared .
However , it is not known to either the union or the public precisely how much of a cost increase is caused by a given change in the basic wage rate , although the companies are presumed to have reliable estimates of this magnitude .
It is this conclusion that we challenge ; ;
we do so by disproving the presumption on which it is based .
The Congress of Vienna is a convenient starting point because it both epitomized and symbolized what was to follow .
Thus the Congress marks a formal recognition of the political system that was central to world politics for a century .
International law had to fit the conditions of Europe , and nothing that could not fit this system , or the interests of the great European nations collectively , could possibly emerge as law in any meaningful sense .
Essentially this imposed two conditions : First , international law had to recognize and be compatible with an international political system in which a number of states were competitive , suspicious , and opportunistic in their political alignments with one another ; ;
second , it had to be compatible with the value system that they shared .
It was not always easy to develop theory and doctrine which would square the two conditions .
On the one hand , the major European nations had to maintain vis-a-vis each other an emphasis upon sovereignty , independence , formal equality -- thus insuring for themselves individually an optimal freedom of action to maintain the `` flexibility of alignment '' that the system required and to avoid anything approaching a repetition of the disastrous Napoleonic experience .
Kent and Story , the great early American scholars , repeatedly made use of this phrase , or of `` Christian nations '' , which is a substantial equivalent .
The European customs on which international law was based were to become , by force and fiat , the customs that others were to accept as law if they were to join this community as sovereign states .
Hall , for example , was quite explicit on this point when he said states outside European civilization must formally enter into the circle of law-governed countries .
They must do something with the acquiescence of the latter , or some of them , which amounts to an acceptance of the law in its entirety beyond all possibility of misconstruction '' .
The theory of international law , which in the nineteenth century became common to virtually all writers in Europe and America , broke this unity and this universality .
No longer did the sovereign look to the law of nations to determine what he ought to do ; ;
his search was merely for rules that might limit his freedom of action .
National identification was reflected jurisprudentially in law theories which incorporated this Hegelian abstraction and saw law , domestic and international , simply as its formal reflection .
The efforts of various interest groups to control or influence governmental decisions , particularly when taken in conjunction with the impact of industralization , led to a concentration of attention on the legislative power and the means whereby policy could be formulated and enforced as law through bureaucratic institutions .
Particularly was this true when the norms previously applied were no longer satisfactory to many , when customs were rapidly changing as the forces of the new productivity were harnessed .
The old way of doing things , which depended on a relatively stable community with stable ideas dealing with familiar situations , was no longer adequate to the task .
First was the period of codification of existing law : the Code Napoleon in France and the peculiar codification that , in fact , resulted from Austin's restatement and ordering of the Common Law in England .
The legislative mills have been grinding ever since , and when its cumbersome processes were no longer adequate to the task , a limited legislative authority was delegated in one form or another , to the executive .
Whereas the eighteenth century had been a time in which man sought justice , the nineteenth and twentieth have been centuries in which men are satisfied with law .
In municipal systems we tend to view what is called positivism as fundamentally a movement to democratize policy by increasing the power of parliament -- the elected representatives -- at the expense of the more conservative judiciary .
When the power of the latter was made both limited and explicit -- when norms were clarified and made more precise and the creation of new norms was placed exclusively in parliamentary hands -- two purposes were served : Government was made subservient to an institutionalized popular will , and law became a rational system for implementing that will , for serving conscious goals , for embodying the `` public policy '' .
It is true that , initially , the task was to remove restrictions that , it was thought , inhibited the free flow of money , goods , and labor ; ;
it merely wished to minimize subjective views of officials who wielded public authority .
that old customs which inhibited trade be abrogated ; ;
that business be free from governmental supervision and notions of morality which might clog the automatic adjustments of the free market ; ;
that obligations of status that were inconsistent with the new politics and the new economics be done away with .
One result was to nationalize much that had been regarded as the law of nations .
Admiralty law , the law merchant , and the host of problems which arise in private litigation because of some contact with a foreign country were all severed from the older Law of Nations and made dependent on the several national laws .
Private international law ( which Americans call the `` conflict of laws '' ) was thus segregated from international law proper , or , as it is often called , public international law .
Mr. Justice Black was one of the minority that rested on the Article 1 , power .
Congress reacted with a series of measures modifying in various ways what it had granted in 1875 .
This saved for state adjudication , in the first instance , the two major areas where federal injunctions had been most obnoxious , but other areas remained vulnerable .
Drawing upon the traditional discretion of the chancellor , Mr. Justice Holmes introduced a series of self-imposed judicial restraints that culminated in Mr. Justice Frankfurter's famous doctrine of abstention .
The commission had issued an administrative order which was challenged as discriminatory against Negroes .
On review the Supreme Court , via Mr. Justice Frankfurter , found southern racial problems `` a sensitive area of social policy on which the federal courts ought not to enter unless no alternative to adjudication is open '' .
`` The resources of equity are equal to an adjustment that will avoid the waste of a tentative decision as well as the friction of a premature constitutional adjudication '' .
How can judges exercise jurisdiction to enforce national rights when Congress has created none ? ?
The Lincoln Mills decision authorizes a whole new body of federal `` common law '' which , as Mr. Justice Frankfurter pointed out in dissent , leads to one of the following `` incongruities '' : `` ( ( 1 ) conflict in federal and state court interpretations of collective bargaining agreements ; ;
This would satisfy what presumably was Congress' major purpose -- the suability of unions .
If Congress wants to displace the states from areas which they have customarily occupied , let it do so knowingly and explicitly .
A careful student has suggested that `` In any new revision ( of the Judicial Code ) the legislators would do well to remember that the allocation of power to the federal courts should be limited to those matters in which their expertise in federal law might be used , leaving to the state judiciaries the primary obligation of pronouncing state law '' .
It would also probably mean different things within the same state -- depending upon what court ( state or federal ) rendered decision .
Litigants who choose to assert federal claims in a state court go into that court subject to its rules of procedure .
A similar canon applies to those who press state claims in federal tribunals , e.g. , in diversity cases .
If a litigant chooses to enforce a Federal right in a State court , he cannot be heard to object if he is treated exactly as are plaintiffs who press like claims arising under State law with regard to the form in which the claim must be stated -- the particularity , for instance , with which a cause of action must be described .
Federal law , though invoked in a State court , delimits the Federal claim -- defines what gives a right to recovery and what goes to prove it .
But the form in which the claim must be stated need not be different from what the State exacts in the enforcement of like obligations created by it , so long as a requirement does not add to , or diminish , the right as defined by Federal law , nor burden the realization of this right in the actualities of litigation '' .
Another problem in the area of federal-state relationships is this : what constitutes reversible error in a state decision ? ?
That is , he did not claim in any of the four courts through which his case progressed that the jury charge had denied him any federal right .
How else can one explain , for example , allowing the survival of the right to amortize bond discount and premium ( section 381(c)(9) ) , but not the right to amortize bond issue expenses ; ;
These items , and most of the others listed above , seem quite comparable to items whose right of survival is provided for in section 381 .
Although it is in some ways comparable to a voluntary sale of assets for cash , to which section 203 quite clearly applies , the courts and Treasury have held that acquiring corporations in several types of non-taxable reorganizations may sue for refund of taxes paid by transferors .
A recent case in point is Mitchell Canneries v. United States , in which a claim against the Government was transferred first from a corporation to a partnership , whose partners were former stockholders , and then to another corporation formed by the partners .
Revenue Ruling 54-17 provides that if the corporation against which a tax was assessed has since been liquidated by merger with a successor corporation , a claim for refund should be filed by the successor in the name and on behalf of the corporation which paid the tax , followed by the name of the successor corporation .
In a B reorganization , followed by a section 332 liquidation , those cases which hold that section 203 is inapplicable to transfers in liquidation appear to permit the successor corporation to sue for refund of taxes paid by the transferor .
The first reason would never apply to a reorganization transfer which meets the conditions of section 381(a) , which is the only type presently under discussion .
In virtually every case the transferor corporation is liquidated , and its former stockholders either own outright , or have a continuing stock interest in , the assets which gave rise to the tax .
Furthermore , in a C reorganization the continuing interest of stockholders of the corporation which paid the tax must be greater than is necessary in a statutory merger , to which the statute is clearly inapplicable .
In the rare case where a corporation's only substantial asset , or its most important one , is a claim for refund , perhaps its transfer should not be permitted , whether the reorganization takes the form of a statutory merger or of the acquisition of assets for stock .
There are certain tax attributes of a corporation whose nature and effect might depend on the facts of the particular reorganization involved .
The parent of a group filing consolidated returns might be treated as the same corporation following a reorganization defined in section 368(a)(1) , but as a different corporation for this purpose after a tax-free acquisition by another corporation which had not , for example , elected to file consolidated returns with its own subsidiaries .
Similar considerations presumably made it difficult to prescribe a general rule where the acquired and acquiring corporations have different methods of accounting ( section 381(c)(4) ) or depreciation ( section 381(c)(6) ) .
There may be certain items which are quite similar to a net operating loss carryover or operating deficit and whose right to survive a reorganization should perhaps be subject to the conditions applicable to those items .
it is a tax benefit which might be of substantial value to a corporation which expects to have a high excess profits tax .
Under the 1939 Code this item was permitted to survive a tax-free reorganization in the Stanton Brewery case , but only over the dissent of Judge Learned Hand , who wrote the majority opinion in the Sansome case , a leading case requiring carryover of earnings and profits in a non-taxable reorganization .
Since this type of item was not in the statute when section 381 was enacted in 1954 , one cannot say with certainty what effect the enactment of that section should have .
With respect to this type of item , one might properly apply the language of the Committee Report , quoted above , which cautions against using section 381 as a basis for treating other tax attributes not mentioned therein .
There were two methods that could have been used for conducting the study within the resources available : ( 1 ) interviews in depth with a few selected companies , and ( 2 ) the more limited interrogation of a large number of companies by means of a mail questionnaire .
As a result , it was decided that a mail questionnaire sent to a large number of companies would be more effective in determining the general practices and opinions of small firms and in highlighting some of the fundamental and recurring problems of defense procurement that concern both industry and government .
It was also hoped that responses to a mail questionnaire would suggest fruitful inquiries that might be made in subsequent studies of a more detailed nature .
Simple `` yes '' or `` no '' answers do not reveal the different shades of opinion that the various respondents may have .
Finally , there is the question of how strongly an expressed opinion is held -- whether it is a firm opinion or one that the respondent favors only slightly over the alternatives .
It was hoped that the facts concerning the characteristics and practices of the respondents would offer clues to the reasons why they took the positions and made the recommendations which they did .
It is interesting to note that 75 per cent of those who returned the questionnaire identified themselves .
The research team was concerned that responses from firms in the state of Washington might not be typical of those throughout the country , or that the results might be different when no phone or personal follow-up was made .
Ten days after the questionnaires were mailed , follow-up airmail postcards were sent urging those companies which had not yet returned their questionnaires to do so at once .
The responses were carefully checked for obvious errors in the answers or for questions that were apparently not understood by the respondent .
The first was a list of fourteen manufacturing companies located in the state of Washington which were personally known to the research team to be active in defense work .
Each source selected from its approved bidders list about 200 firms which it believed to be small businesses that participated in the production of weapons and weapon support systems .
Where possible , the name of an executive was supplied along with the company name and address .
There was further elimination of all companies that were not accompanied by the name of a responsible company executive .
The fact that the Aerospace Industries Association members whose lists were used did not comprise all firms engaged in defense programs .
If the bottom name in each column did not have a responsible executive identified , the next name above which identified such a responsible executive was substituted .
They continued to arrive until the end of December , 1960 , by which time a total of 1,343 returns were received representing 26.8 per cent of the 5,014 questionnaires sent out .
The remaining 1,286 returns that were processed came from the categories in Table 2 .
Each questionnaire was audited for obvious mistakes and for comments , and was identified by a serial number , by the source list from which the company name was selected , and by the geographical location of the company as determined by the postmark on the return envelope .
In the first place , the two groups of firms , when combined , had characteristics and practices that were more representative of companies that were the subject of this study than did the firms from the AIA list alone .
Inevitably , one side was pleased and the other displeased , regardless of how we ruled .
It is disconcerting , nevertheless , to read in a labor weekly , `` Perluss knuckles down to growers '' , and then to be confronted with a growers' publication which states , `` Perluss recognizes obviously phony and trumped-up strikes as bona fide '' .
This past year the pattern has been different : The organizing program had the full support of the AFL-CIO , which supplied staff and money to the AWOC , as well as moral support .
Regardless of where personal sympathies may lie as between the parties , failure to recognize these changed conditions would be to ignore the facts of life .
By the very nature of the situation , it is the union which has been able to select the time and place to bring pressure upon management .
But the current issues arose out of the Wagner-Peyser Act concerning referrals to an establishment where a labor dispute exists , and out of Public Law 78 and the Migrant Labor Agreement if Mexican nationals were employed at the ranch .
However , when labor disputes arise , its provisions come clearly into play .
No person shall be referred to a position the filling of which will aid directly or indirectly in filling a job which ( 1 ) is vacant because the former occupant is on strike or is being locked out in the course of a labor dispute , or ( 2 ) the filling of which is an issue in a labor dispute .
With respect to positions not covered by subparagraph ( 1 ) or ( 2 ) of this paragraph , any individual may be referred to a place of employment in which a labor dispute exists , provided he is given written notice of such dispute prior to or at the time of his referral .
It permits referrals under certain circumstances even when there is a labor dispute , provided the individual is given written notice of such a dispute .
Assume , for example , a situation where a farm has a packing shed and fields .
It is the first part of the Regulation that is currently at issue .
We found that a labor dispute existed , and that the workers had left their jobs , which were then vacant because of the dispute .
It is conclusive , unless appealed , only upon the particular parties to the particular action which was heard .
It is not binding upon another Superior Court , which could rule to the contrary .
Only when a decision is rendered by the District Court of Appeal ( or , of course , the Supreme Court ) is a binding precedent established .
In that event , we can correctly say that we have received an authoritative interpretation of the matter , and one which we can follow statewide with confidence that the policy will not be overthrown in other Superior Courts .
But over and beyond the compelling need for a binding precedent decision , I am convinced that the decisions of the Superior Courts which in effect nullify the Secretary's Regulation are not a correct interpretation of the Secretary's power under the Federal law .
Further , and as an evidence of legislative intent only , the Senate of the United States recently defeated by a substantial majority the `` Holland Amendment '' to the Fair Labor Standards Act , which would have specifically limited the regulatory authority of the Secretary in these matters .
It is an issue which may well reach the Supreme Court of the United States before judicial finality is achieved .
The impact of noncompliance under the Wagner-Peyser Act is clear : the withdrawal of some $11 million a year of administrative funds which finance our employment service program or , as a corollary , the taking over by the Federal Government of its operation .
Thus far , the cases which have come before the courts have involved only the issue of referral where the job is vacant due to a strike -- condition ( 1 ) in the Regulation of the Secretary .
None has yet arisen under condition ( 2 ) , relating to referral to jobs `` the filling of which is an issue in a labor dispute '' .
they do symbolically what they once had to do concretely .
How a child feels about himself , about other people , and about the tasks confronting him in school may have as much influence on his success in school as his physical and intellectual characteristics .
However , the teacher who understands the influence of emotions on behavior may be highly influential in helping pupils gain confidence , security , and satisfaction .
The young child learns from parents and teachers that temper tantrums , screaming , kicking , and hitting will not get him what he wants ; ;
the student will certainly want to explore more deeply into the fascinating study of immature individuals , struggling to meet their developmental needs , and at the same time trying to learn the rules of the game in the ever-expanding number of groups in which they hold membership .
the child who had once considered it a treat to accompany his parents on picnics and family gatherings now considers it a bore .
In early childhood the choice of a companion is likely to be for another child of his own age or a year or two older , who can do the things he likes to do ; ;
loyalty to the group , a feeling of superiority over those who are not members , and unwillingness to play with members of the opposite sex become dominant traits .
those who feel inferior or insecure engage in these activities more than do well-adjusted children .
girls , who are more mature than boys , frown upon the youthful antics of boys of their own age .
The child in the primary grades can play harmoniously with one companion , but his desire to be first in everything gets him into trouble when the group gets larger ; ;
Much progress has been made in the last two decades in developing techniques for understanding children , yet in almost any classroom today can be found children whose needs are not being met by the school program .
These children have been described as those who were trying to say something to adults who did not understand .
These specialists perform valuable services by helping teachers learn to identify children who need special attention , by suggesting ways of meeting the needs of individual children in the regular classroom , and by providing clinical services for severely maladjusted children .
It is the classroom teacher , however , who has daily contacts with pupils , and who is in a unique position to put sound psychological principles into practice .
What they should recognize is that children who have been placed in one of these groups on a narrow academic basis still differ widely in attributes that influence success , and that they still must be treated as individuals .
One study , which involved 1,524 pupils in grades one to six , found that 12 percent of the pupils were seriously maladjusted and that 23 percent were reading a year below capacity .
It is apparent , therefore , that the teacher needs to know what factors have a vital bearing on the learning and adjustment of children .
When a child fails to meet the standards of the school in his rate of learning , insecurity , unhappiness , and other forms of maladjustment frequently follow .
It is easy for the teacher to rationalize that the child who is not achieving in accordance with his known ability is just plain lazy , or that the child who lacks interest in school , who dislikes the teacher , or who is overaggressive is a hopeless delinquent .
This is only a minimum list of the factors that inhibit learning and contribute to maladjustment among children .
A vision handicap that may produce nervous tension and reading disability for one child may spur another child on to even greater achievement in reading .
An impoverished home that may discourage one child may constitute the motivation causing another to work harder for successful achievement in school .
At any rate , the teacher who recognizes common causes of retardation and maladjustment can frequently do a great deal to eliminate the causes of pupil discouragement , failure , and maladjustment .
Successful teaching involves getting enough information about each pupil to understand why he behaves as he does in certain situations and how his achievement in school is being influenced by various factors in his environment .
This section deals with some of the sources of information that can be tapped by the classroom teacher ; ;
These records , when systematically maintained , provide much information about the children , which the teacher can use in guidance , instruction , grouping , and reporting to parents .
Each teacher has in his classroom a metal file , equipped with a lock , which is used to store cumulative record folders .
Each new teacher to whom the pupil goes is expected to study the information in the cumulative record and to bring it up to date .
Some school systems provide written instructions to principals and teachers designating when certain information is to be recorded on cumulative record forms and explaining how the information is to be summarized and used .
The Summary Report , which was prepared for this Conference , indicates , first , that actual or pending school desegregation is increasing ; ;
Now let's look at the evidence that shows the increase in desegregation and such increase as a result of court order .
Elementary school desegregation came to Owen and Union Counties , which already had high school desegregation .
The action was a result of a court order , the citation for which ( and for other court action mentioned in this paper ) is taken from the Summary Report for this Conference .
In Maryland the Harford County Board of Education had prepared a desegregation plan which the Court approved but which a plaintiff had challenged ; ;
The large acreage in the Southwest Redevelopment area beckons white people -- what with high-priced town houses and elevator apartments .
They vex us and perplex us but generally do not divide us like the issues which follow the problems .
First , how can we step up the desegregation movement ? ?
I believe we all want more schools where white and Negro together can and do attend .
How to achieve this objective is a problem , but we are not divided on what we want .
Second , as we increase the number of desegregated school districts and schools themselves , how can we achieve this action through school board action ? ?
This is a problem , and I believe there is little difference of opinion that wherever possible a local school board should devise and effect a plan of desegregation .
Third , how can we insure a systematic and continuing group relations education in the schools ? ?
Not simply a brief program when the schools are actually desegregated but a continuing program that also promotes integration , that encourages the children and teachers not to look at each other as white or Negro , but as human beings .
Again the problem is how to get it done and in what form to offer the group relations education ; ;
Fourth , in the segregated school system , during the period before desegregation , how can we assure equal opportunity ? ?
In fact , in the desegregated school system which may have a good many schools with all-Negro population , how can we assure equal opportunity ? ?
Fifth , in the segregated school system or in the all-Negro or all-white schools , how can we encourage better group relations or an improved attitude toward people who do not belong to the group ? ?
Can we help children adjust to `` images of other children '' when the latter are not actually present .
If we have five problems whose solution we seek in relatively united fashion , then there are twice as many issues which , I judge , sharply divide us , intergroup relations practitioners and lay people .
We can argue that where residence makes pupil desegregation impossible teacher assignment can create a partially desegregated situation .
The earlier part of my statement deals with the court orders that resulted in desegregation .
Should Congress authorize the Attorney General to file suit to accomplish admission of a child to a school to which he is denied entrance ? ?
This is the Powell Amendment , which in 1957 divided even a `` liberal '' group like the American Veterans Committee ( AVC ) .
Should we support a clause in Federal school construction or school assistance legislation that would deny Federal funds to a school district that denies admission to a child on account of his race ? ?
This is softer than earlier Powell amendments which would have denied funds to all segregated school districts .
Should the requirement , which must therefore be Federal in nature , be legislated by the United States Congress ? ?
Should the government directly provide education for the children who want public education ? ?
Seldom is there an issue in which class lines can be clearly drawn .
A hypothetical issue of this sort might deal with the establishment of a free public junior college in a community where there already was a good private college which served the middle-class youth adequately but was too expensive for working-class youth .
Campbell studied the records of 172 school board members in twelve western cities over the period of 1931 - 40 and found `` little or no relationship between certain social and economic factors and school board competence '' , as judged by a panel of professional educators who studied the voting records on educational issues .
The few cases of clear favoritism along social-class lines are as likely as not to involve representatives of the working class on the school board who favor some such practice as higher wages for janitors rather than pay increases for teachers , and such issues are not issues of educational policy .
In general , it appears that trustees and board members attempt to represent the public interest in their administration of educational policy , and this is made easier by the fact that the dominant values of the society are middle-class values , which are generally thought to be valid for the entire society .
There is currently a major controversy of public education in which group interests and values are heavily engaged .
This conflict may be resolved in a way which will suit white middle-class people better than it suits white lower-class people .
In a society dominated by middle-class values and working in an institution which transmits and strengthens these social values , it is clear that the educational profession must work for the values which are characteristic of the society .
The problem arises , if it does arise , when the educator has to make a choice or a decision within the area of his professional competence , but which bears some relation to the social structure .
Again , in deciding on the content and method of his teaching , does he favor a curriculum which will make his students stronger competitors in the race for higher economic status , or does he favor a curriculum which strengthens students in other ways ? ?
The answers to questions such as these certainly depend to some extent upon the educator's own social-class position and also upon his social history , as well as upon his personality and what he conceives his mission to be as an educator .
In a set of case studies of teachers with various social-class backgrounds , Wattenberg illustrates a variety of approaches to students and to teaching which depend upon the teacher's personality as well as on his social-class background .
One upward-mobile teacher may be a hard taskmaster for lower-class pupils because she wants them to develop the attitudes and skills that will enable them to climb , while another upward-mobile teacher may be a very permissive person with lower-class pupils because he knows their disadvantages and deprivations at home , and he hopes to encourage them by friendly treatment .
One social-class factor which plays a large part in educational policy today is the fact that a great many school and college teachers are upward mobile from urban lower-class and lower-middle-class families .
While this influence is a complex matter , depending upon personality factors in the individual as well as upon his social-class experience , there probably are some general statements about social-class background and educational policy that can be made with a fair degree of truth .
Teachers who have been upward mobile probably see education as most valuable for their students if it serves students as it has served them ; ;
that is , they are likely to favor a kind of education that has vocational-advancement value .
This does not necessarily mean that such teachers will favor vocational education , as contrasted with liberal education , but they are likely to favor an approach to liberal education which has a maximal vocational-advancement value , as against a kind of `` pure '' liberal education that is not designed to help people get better jobs .
Their experience is quite in contrast with that of children of upper- and upper-middle-class native-born parents , who are more likely to regard education as good for its own sake and to discount the vocational emphases in the curriculum .
Educational policies are formed by several groups who are officially or unofficially appointed to act in the public interest .
Another public interest group is the commission of laymen or educators which is appointed to study an educational problem and to make recommendations .
Both Commissions consisted of upper-middle- and upper-class people , who attempted to act in the public interest .
Which recommended a federal government scholarship program .
Then there are the trustees and officers of the great educational foundations , who inevitably exert an influence on educational decisions by their support or refusal to support various educational programs , experiments , and demonstrations .
These people are practically always upper- or upper-middle-class persons , who attempt to act in what they regard as the interest of the entire society .
These have an upper-middle-class leadership and a middle-class membership , with rare exceptions , where working-class parents are active in local P.-T.A. matters .
In general , it appears that educational decisions and educational policies are made by people who intend to act in the interests of the society as a whole .
But there is very little frank and conscious espousal of the interests of any one social class by the people who have the power to make decisions in education .
On the other hand , there is a counterbalancing purpose in education which is to pass on the advantages of the parents to their children .
It is probably more effective than the expanded scholarship programs of the past decade , because the scholarship programs mainly aided the students with the best academic records ( who were usually middle-class ) , and these students tended to use the scholarship funds to go to more expensive colleges .
Meanwhile , the private colleges have increased their tuition rates so much that they have raised an economic barrier which dwarfs their scholarship funds .
One such disagreement , which will receive attention in this next chapter , concerns the question whether rates for different kinds of service , in order to avoid the attribute of discrimination , must be made directly proportional to marginal costs , or whether they should be based instead on differences in marginal costs .
By all means the most important distinction is that between those total-cost apportionments which superimpose a distribution of admittedly unallocable cost residues on estimates of incremental or marginal costs , and those other apportionments which recognize no difference between true cost allocation and mere total-cost distribution .
There remains a residue of total costs , or total `` revenue requirements '' which , since it is found to behave as if it were constant over substantial variations in traffic density , is strictly unallocable on a cost-finding basis .
Nevertheless , because the Cost Section has felt impelled to make some kind of a distribution of total costs , it has apportioned this residue , which it sometimes calls `` burden '' , among the units of carload traffic on a basis ( partly ton , partly ton-mile ) which is concededly quite arbitrary from the standpoint of cost determination .
In recent years , this burden ( which includes allowances for revenue deficiencies in the passenger business and in less-than-carload freight traffic ! !
) has amounted to about one third of those total revenue requirements which the carload freight business is supposed to be called upon to meet .
Since this book is concerned only incidentally with railroad rates , it will not attempt to analyze the methods by which the staff of the Interstate Commerce Commission has estimated out-of-pocket costs and apportioned residue costs .
and a mere cost apportionment which somehow spreads among the classes and units of service even those costs that are strictly unallocable from the standpoint of specific cost determination .
We turn now to a type of fully distributed cost analysis which , unlike the `` railroad type '' , draws no distinction between cost allocation and cost apportionment : the single-step type .
It might be called the `` public utility '' type because of the considerable use to which it has been put in gas and electric utility rate cases .
Instead , all of the total costs are treated as variable costs , although these costs are divided into costs that are deemed to be functions of different variables .
Moreover , whereas in Interstate Commerce Commission parlance `` variable cost '' means a cost deemed to vary in direct proportion to changes in rate of output , in the type of analysis now under review `` variable cost '' has been used more broadly , so as to cover costs which , while a function of some one variable ( such as output of energy , or number of customers ) , are not necessarily a linear function .
and these costs must somehow be apportioned among the various classes and then must somehow be reapportioned among the units of service in order to report unit costs that can serve as tentative measures of reasonable rates .
The general basis on which these common costs are assigned to differently measured units of service will be illustrated by the following highly simplified problem of an electric-utility cost analysis .
But before turning to this example , we must distinguish two subtypes of analysis , both of which belong to the single-step type rather than to the double-step type .
Here , an apportionment , say , of $5,000,000 of the total costs to residential service as a class would include an allowance of perhaps 6 per cent as the cost of whatever capital is deemed to have been devoted to the service of the residential consumers .
But in the second subtype , which I take to be the one more frequently applied , only the operating expenses and not the `` cost of capital '' or `` fair return '' are apportioned directly among the various classes of service .
There are obvious reasons of convenience for this practice of excluding `` cost of capital '' from the direct apportionment of annual costs among the different classes of service -- notably , the avoidance of the controversial question what rate of return should be held to constitute `` cost of capital '' or `` fair rate of return '' .
But the practice is likely to be misleading , since it may seem to support a conclusion that , as long as the revenues from any class of service cover the imputed operating expenses plus some return on capital investment , however low , the rates of charge for this service are compensatory .
Let us also assume the existence of only one class or type of service , all of which is supplied at the same voltage , phase , etc. to residential , commercial , and industrial customers .
This latter assumption will permit us to center attention on the most controversial aspect of modern public utility cost analysis -- the distinction among costs that are functions of outputs of the same service measured along different dimensions .
Since the company under review is supplying what we are here regarding as only one kind of service , we might suppose that the problem of total cost apportionment would be very simple ; ;
But our present interest lies in the measurement of costs of service , and only indirectly in rates that may or may not be designed to cover these costs .
Included as a minimum are the costs of metering and billing along with whatever other expenses the company must incur in taking on another consumer .
These minimum costs may come to $1 per month , more or less , for residential and small commercial customers , although they are substantially higher for large industrial users , who require more costly connections and metering devices .
While costs on this order are sometimes separately charged for in residential and commercial rates , in the form of a mere `` service charge '' , they are more frequently wholly or partly covered by a minimum charge which entitles the consumer to a very small amount of gas or electricity with no further payment .
But the really controversial aspect of customer-cost imputation arises because of the cost analyst's frequent practice of including , not just those costs that can be definitely earmarked as incurred for the benefit of specific customers but also a substantial fraction of the annual maintenance and capital costs of the secondary ( low-voltage ) distribution system -- a fraction equal to the estimated annual costs of a hypothetical system of minimum capacity .
But what is the operational worth of a sociology which mimetically reproduces the idea of physical models ? ?
Is it not the task of philosophy to see what intelligible meaning can be assigned to the most sacred canons in social science ? ?
It has become painfully clear that the very attempt to make the language of social research free of values by erecting mathematical and physical models , is itself a conditioned response to a world which pays a premium price for technological manipulation .
This push to confine the study of mass behaviour to the measurements of parameters involved in differential equations has led sociology perilously close to the reduction of the word `` mass '' to mean a small group in which certain relations between all pairs of individuals in such a group can be studied .
For if the small group notion involves the implicit claim that the phenomena of sociological investigations are of atomic or subatomic proportions , the philosopher needs to know the extent to which such entities are valid .
271 - 307 ) indicate , that the concept of function in sociology has been built up from physiological and biological models , in which the notions of teleology , i.e. , metaphysical purpose , are central .
It is absurd to speak of philosophy as a superior enterprise to sociology , since the former is a logical , rational discipline , where sociology is essentially descriptive and empirical .
The uses of philosophy as a logical clearing house are manifest to any approach that does not descend to pure sensationalism .
However , when philosophy attempts to stand above the sciences , to dictate the conditions of empirical research , it becomes formal metaphysics ; ;
It is not positivism which has isolated metaphysics from reality by distinguishing between description and prescription .
It is simply revealing the state to which metaphysical thinking has fallen during this century .
What is left to traditional systems of philosophy is , in effect , only the history of these fields prior to their becoming rigorous enough to abide by the canons of scientific method .
The relinquishing by philosophy of pretentious claims to empirical priority gives it an ability to treat problems of meaning and truth which in the past it was unable to examine because of its missionary attitude to knowledge of more humble sorts .
In the new situation , philosophy is able to provide the social sciences with the same guidance that mathematics offers the physical sciences , a reservoir of logical relations that can be used in framing hypotheses having explanatory and predictive value .
Beyond this , philosophy may urge the social sciences forward by asking the type of question that falls outside the present scope of social inquiry , but within its potential domain of relevance .
Likewise , Kant formulated the nebular hypothesis , according to which the solar system was evolved from a rotating mass of incandescent gas , nearly a half century before its scientific value was made plain by Laplace in his Systeme Du Monde .
Philosophy conceived of as servant to the sciences might appear as less dramatic than philosophy which jeers as the sciences evolve .
By clarifying fundamental premises in the social sciences , and defining the logical problems emergent at the borderlands of each new scientific discipline , philosophy can offer the sort of distinction that can accelerate growth in human understanding .
Philosophy can prevent the working scientist from becoming slothful and self-content by noting the assumptions and level at which a hypothesis or theory is framed .
The realm of science , whatever the degree of precision in formulations , covers the range of prediction and explanation .
) Whatever philosophy is conceived to be , its rationalist , logistic attitude to evidence should make it clear that it is something other than science .
For as Merleau-Ponty indicated ( 1953 ) , it is not the secret which is important , but the removal of secrecy .
The mystification of metaphysical systems does not imply the demise of philosophy , only the close of a philosophic age which demanded metaphysics to be rational and logical .
The tenacity with which present metaphysical attitudes fetishize private intuition offers the strongest evidence that the gulf between scientific and delphic ways of philosophizing is built into the present conflict over the limits and purpose of science , religion and ideology .
When dealing with the actual relation of philosophy to the sociology of knowledge , or better the role of philosophy in assisting research on the social sources of ideas , one has to become necessarily selective .
Certain features we have touched upon : philosophy as a logical , deductive system from which a social science methodology can be built up ; ;
Specifically , it will be asked whether the `` real '' questions people ask are not the `` ultimate '' questions that social science finds itself impotent in the face of .
What then is the status of such questions as : is society the ground of human existence or a means to an individual goal ? ?
An operational approach to sociology can never expect abstract certainty , since it is certainty which every new discovery in science either replaces or reshapes .
For what concerns all scientific disciplines is precisely that which can be captured for the rational , i.e. , for the scientific determination of what in past ages was considered ultimate and irrational .
A philosophy which attempts to supply ultimate answers in an ultimate way reveals its acquiescence in the shortcomings of men , an impatience with partial , tentative solutions .
Men have always lived in a tentative world , and in suspension of ultimate judgments where and when necessary .
But neither was the statement empirical , for goodness was not a quality like red or squeaky that could be seen or heard .
What were they to do , then , with these awkward judgments of value ? ?
To find a place for them in their theory of knowledge would require them to revise the theory radically , and yet that theory was what they regarded as their most important discovery .
But before discussing it , I should like to record one vote of thanks to them for the clarity with which they have stated their case .
The theory claims to show by analysis that when we say , `` That is good '' , we do not mean to assert a character of the subject of which we are thinking .
There is perhaps no value statement on which people would more universally agree than the statement that intense pain is bad .
Let us take a set of circumstances in which I happen to be interested on the legislative side and in which I think every one of us might naturally make such a statement .
We come upon a rabbit that has been caught in one of the brutal traps in common use .
The positivist tells us that when we say this we are only expressing our present emotion .
I hold , on the contrary , that we mean to assert something of the pain itself , namely , that it was bad -- bad when and as it occurred .
Consider what follows from the positivist view .
For what I express in my remark is something going on in me at the time , and that of course did not exist until I did come on the scene .
nothing evil was happening when that pain was being endured ; ;
badness , in the only sense in which it is involved at all , waited for its appearance till I came and looked and felt .
Are we prepared to say that in that case nothing bad occurred in the sense in which we said it did ? ?
Indeed , we should say , on the contrary , that the accident of our later discovery made no difference whatever to the badness of the animal's pain , that it would have been every whit as bad whether a chance passer-by happened later to discover the body and feel repugnance or not .
We are saying that the pain was bad when and as it occurred and before anyone took an attitude toward it .
The first argument is thus an ideal experiment in which we use the method of difference .
It ideally removes the past event , and shows that this would render false what we mean to say , whereas on positivist grounds it should not .
In the only sense in which badness is involved at all , whatever was bad in the first case is still present in its entirety , since all that is expressed in either case is a state of feeling , and that feeling is still there .
And our question is , is such an implication consistent with what we meant ? ?
If anyone asked us , after we made the remark that the suffering was a bad thing , whether we should think it relevant to what we said to learn that the incident had never occurred and no pain had been suffered at all , we should say that it made all the difference in the world , that what we were asserting to be bad was precisely the suffering we thought had occurred back there , that if this had not occurred , there was nothing left to be bad , and that our assertion was in that case mistaken .
If we did not mean to say this , why should we be so relieved on finding that the suffering had not occurred ? ?
And there is a way in which he might hold that badness did in this case precede our own feeling of disapproval without belonging to the pain itself .
I come now to a third argument , which again is very simple .
When we come upon the rabbit and make our remark about its suffering being a bad thing , we presumably make it with some feeling ; ;
And suppose that the circumstances have now so changed that the feeling with which we made the remark in the first place has faded .
In these circumstances , since what was expressed by the remark when first made is , on the theory before us , simply absent , the remark now expresses nothing .
It is as empty as the word `` Hurrah '' would be when there was no enthusiasm behind it .
When we repeat the remark that such suffering was a bad thing , the feeling with which we made it last week may be at or near the vanishing point , but if we were asked whether we meant to say what we did before , we should certainly answer Yes .
And if we can see that what we meant to say remains the same , while the feeling varies from intensity to near zero , it is not the feeling that we primarily meant to express .
Whatever the unhappy inmates of such camps are like today , Dostoevsky's companions were about as grim a lot as can be imagined .
If we were asked why we thought so , we should say that these things involve great evil and are wrong , and that to take delight in what is evil or wrong is plainly unfitting .
There is therefore nothing about them to which an attitude of approval or condemnation could be fitting .
But if that is true , why is any attitude more fitting than any other ? ?
In such a case , any attitude would be as fitting or unfitting as any other , which means that the notion of fitness has lost all point .
If goodness and badness lie in attitudes only and hence are brought into being by them , those men who greeted death and misery with childishly merry laughter are taking the only sensible line .
If there is nothing evil in these things , if they get their moral complexion only from our feeling about them , why shouldn't they be greeted with a cheer ? ?
To greet them with repulsion would turn what before was neutral into something bad ; ;
On the other hand , to greet them with delight would convert what before was neutral into something good ; ;
The injured German veteran was a former miner , twenty-four years old , who had been wounded by shrapnel in the back of the head .
Psychical blindness is a condition in which there is a total absence of visual memory-images , a condition in which , for example , one is unable to remember something just seen or to conjure up a memory-picture of the visible appearance of a well-known friend in his absence .
This circumstance in the patient's case plus the fact that his tactual capacity remained basically in sound working order constitutes its exceptional value for the problem at hand since the evidence presented by the authors is overwhelming that , when the patient closed his eyes , he had absolutely no spatial ( that is , third-dimensional ) awareness whatsoever .
This is an assumption with which few would be disposed to quarrel .
Therefore , if the sense of touch is functioning normally and there is a complete absence of spatial awareness in a psychically-blind person when the eyes are closed and an object is handled , the conclusion seems unavoidable that touch by itself cannot focus and take possession of the third-dimensionality of things and that actual sight or visual representations are necessary .
( 1 ) What allows us to think that the patient had no third-dimensional representations when his eyes were closed ? ?
( 2 ) What evidence is there that he was psychically blind ? ?
( 3 ) How can we be sure that his sense of touch was not profoundly disturbed by his head injury ? ?
The authors insist , however , that these abnormalities in the sense of touch were due absolutely to no organic disorders in that sense faculty but rather to the injuries which the patient had sustained to the sense of sight .
First of all , what is their evidence that the tactual apparatus was fundamentally undamaged ? ?
( 1 ) When an object was placed in the patient's hand , he had no difficulty determining whether it was warm or cold , sharp or blunt , rough or smooth , flexible , soft , or hard ; ;
And he could recognize , by touch alone , articles which he had handled immediately before , even though they were altogether unfamiliar to him and could not be identified by him ; ;
that is , he was unaware what kind of objects they were or what their use was .
It seems clear , when one takes into consideration the exceedingly defective eyesight of the patient ( we shall describe it in detail in connection with our second question , the one concerning the psychical blindness of the patient ) , that he had to rely on his sense of touch much more than the usual portfolio-maker and that consequently that faculty was most probably more sensitive to shape and size than that of a person with normal vision .
In what ways , then , did the patient's psychical blindness manifest itself ? ?
could piece , as it were , the jumbled mass together into an organized whole and then recognize it as a man or a triangle or whatever it turned out to be .
After a conversation with another man , he was able to recount practically everything that had been said but could not describe at all what the other man looked like .
In short , both his own declarations and his figural blindness , when he looked at objects , seem to present undeniable evidence that he had simply no visual memory at all .
As one would surmise , the procedure , however , could be repeated with the same object or with the same type of object often enough , so that the corresponding visual blots and the merest beginning of the tracing movement would provide clues as to the actual shape , which the patient then immediately could determine by a kind of inference .
Men , trees , automobiles , houses , and so on -- objects continually confronted in everyday life -- had each its characteristic blot-appearance and became easily recognizable , at the very beginning of tracing , by an inference as to what each was .
And the authors give numerous instances of calculated guessing on the patient's part to show how large a role it played in his process of readapting himself and how proficient he became at it .
Often he seems even to have been able to guess correctly , without the tracing motions , solely on the basis of qualitative differences among the blot-like things which appeared in his visual experience .
Perhaps the very important question -- What is , then , exactly the role of kinesthetic sensations in the patient's ability to recognize forms and shapes by means of the tracing movements when he is actually looking at things ? ?
If the patient can perceive figure kinesthetically when he cannot perceive it visually , then , it would seem , the sense of touch has immediate contact with the spatial aspects of things in independence of visual representations , at least in regard to two dimensions , and , as we shall see , even this much spatial awareness on the part of unaided touch is denied by the authors .
How , then , do the kinesthetic sensations function in all this ? ?
When the patient was not allowed to move his body in any way at all , the following striking results occurred .
Whenever artists , indeed , turned to actual representations or molded three-dimensional figures , which were rare down to 800 B.C. , they tended to reflect reality ( see Plate 6a , 9b ) ; ;
their principles of composition stand very close to those which appear in the Homeric epics and the hexameter line .
Their world , again , was a still simple , traditional age which was only slowly beginning to appreciate the complexity of life .
The storms of the past had died away , and the great upheaval which was to mark the following century had not yet begun to disturb men's minds .
The ninth century was in its artistic work `` the spiritually freest and most self-sufficient between past and future '' , and the loving skill spent by its artists upon their products is a testimonial to their sense that what they were doing was important and was appreciated .
Geometric pottery has not yet received the thorough , detailed study which it deserves , partly because the task is a mammoth one and partly because some of its local manifestations , as at Argos , are only now coming to light .
The general intellectual outlook which had appeared in the eleventh century was now consolidated to a significant degree .
Much which was in embryo in 1000 had become reasonably well developed by 800 .
the Aegean world which had existed before 1000 differed from that which rises more clearly in our vision after 800 .
Those modern scholars who urge that we must keep in mind the fundamental continuity of Aegean development from earliest times -- granted occasional irruptions of peoples and ideas from outside -- are correct ; ;
but all too many observers have been misled by this fact into minimizing the degree of change which took place in the early first millennium .
On these pillars rested that solid basis for life and thought which was soon to be manifested in the remarkably unlimited ken of the Iliad .
The epic poems , the consolidation of the Greek pantheon , the rise of firm political units , the self-awareness which could permit painted and sculptured representations of men -- all these had to await the progress of following decades .
What we have seen in this chapter , we have seen only dimly , and yet the results , however general , are worth the search .
These are the centuries in which the inhabitants of the Aegean world settled firmly into their minds and into their institutions the foundations of the Hellenic outlook , independent of outside forces .
if we could see more deeply , we probably would find many side issues and wrong turnings which came to an end within the period .
The historian can only point out those lines which were major enough to find reflection in our limited evidence , and must hope that future excavations will enrich our understanding .
The first slanting rays of the new day cannot yet dispel all the dark shadows which lie across the Aegean world ; ;
the ceramic material of the age is more abundant , more diversified , and more indicative of the hopes and fears of its makers , who begin to show scenes of human life and death .
but both were among the last products of a phase which was ending .
Greek civilization was swirling toward its great revolution , in which the developed qualities of the Hellenic outlook were suddenly to break forth .
the gods who protected the Greek countryside were only now putting on their sharply anthropomorphic dress .
The modern student , who knows what was to come next , is likely to place first the factors of change which are visible in the eighth century .
The growing contacts between Aegean and Orient are also a phase which should be linked primarily to the remarkable broadening of Hellenic culture after 750 .
The vases which resulted had different shapes , far more complex decoration , and a larger sense of style .
Ripe Geometric potters continued to employ the old syntax of ornaments and shapes and made use of the well-defined though limited range of motifs which they had inherited .
instead they divided the surface into many bands or covered it by all-over patterns into which freehand drawing began to creep .
Though the spread of this type of decoration in the Aegean has not yet been precisely determined , it seems to appear first in the Cyclades , which were among the leading exporters of pottery throughout the century .
Plate 12 illustrates four examples , which are Ripe or Late Geometric work of common spirit but of different schools .
Cook had discovered a beef in his possession a few days earlier and , when he could not show the hide , arrested him .
They had traveled only a short distance when they spotted five Mexicans riding along a horse-trail across the stream just ahead of them .
Half a mile below at the mouth of Salyer's Canyon was an old ranch that the company had purchased from A. J. Armstrong , occupied by a Mexican , his wife , and an old trapper .
Not a bullet touched Cook who was nearer the ambush , but one hit Russell in the leg and another broke his arm , passing on through his body .
Just before leaving the arroyo where he was partially concealed , he did hear shots down at the house .
Before daylight Sunday morning , a posse of twenty-three men under the leadership of Deputy Sheriff Frank MacPherson of Catskill followed the trail to the house of Francisco Chaves , where 100 to 150 Mexicans had gathered .
Word reached the company that the man behind these depredations was Manuel Gonzales , a man with many followers , including a number who were kept in line through fear of him .
On May 19 , a deputy sheriff's posse of eight men left Maxwell City and rode thirty-five miles up the Vermejo where they were joined by Juan Jose Martinez .
When they were refused entrance to his brother's house nearby , they smashed down the door , broke the window , and threw lighted clothes wet with kerosene into the room .
When it became obvious that he could stay inside no longer , taking a thousand to one chance Gonzales rushed outside , square against the muzzle of a Winchester .
When the house was about half consumed , his comrade ran to the door and threw up his hands , declaring repeatedly that he did not know the whereabouts of Manuel .
There was no extra horse so it was left to his comrades who , though numbering in the fifties , had stood around on the hillside nearby without firing a shot during the entire attack .
The sheriff and District Attorney Mills hastily swore out a number of warrants against men who had been riding about armed , according to signed statements by Chavez and Dr. I. P. George , and ordered Deputy Barney Clark of Raton to rescue the posseman .
If not , how long to order and what is the price '' ? ?
His problem then became one of restraining the American fighters who wanted to clean out the Vermejo by force immediately .
The sewer on Bonnet Street was constructed when there were only a few houses on the street .
The layout of the sewer lines was designed by Henry W. Taylor , who was the engineer for the Manchester Village disposal plant .
The 1958 town meeting directed town authorities to seek federal and state funds with which to conduct a preliminary survey of a proposed sewage plant with its attendant facilities .
At any rate , Manchester did not lag far behind the first commercial system which was set up in 1844 between Baltimore and Washington .
Operating in 1887 was the `` Valley Telegraph Line '' , officers of which were E. C. Orvis , president ; ;
Two companies now had headquarters with Clark J. Wait , who by then had his own drugstore at Factory Point -- the `` Northern Union Telegraph Company '' and the `` Western Union '' .
These were the years when people flocked to Manchester not only to play golf , which had come into vogue , but also to witness the Ekwanok Country Club tournaments .
New Yorkers were kept informed of scores by reporters who telegraphed fifteen to twenty thousand words daily to the metropolitan newspapers .
In 1914 when the town was chosen for the U. S. Amateur Golf tournament , a representative hurried here from the Boston manager's office .
The old Morse system was replaced locally by the Simplex modern automatic method in 1929 , when Ellamae Heckman ( Wilcox ) was manager of the Western Union office .
In 1918 the New England Telephone Company began erecting a building to house its operations on the corner of U. S. Rte. 7 and what is now Memorial Avenue at Manchester Center .
Service running through Barnumville and to Bennington County towns east of the mountains was in the hands of the `` Gleason Telephone Company '' in 1925 , but major supervision of telephone lines in Manchester was with the New England Telephone and Telegraph Company , which eventually gained all control .
In 1931 Mrs. F. H. Briggs , agent and chief operator , who was to retire in 1946 with thirty years' service , led agency offices in sales for the year with $2,490 .
William Hitchcock , who retired in 1938 , was a veteran of thirty-four years' local service .
Another veteran telephone operator was Edith Fleming Blackmer , who had been in the office forty years at the time of her death in 1960 .
In 1932 Dorset received its own exchange , which made business easier for the Manchester office , but it was not until February 1953 that area service was extended to include Manchester and Dorset .
electricity plays such an important part in community life today that it is difficult to envision a time when current was not available for daily use .
Manchester then had two competing power companies until 1904 , when the Manchester Light and Power Company purchased the transmission system of the Vail Company .
The Colonial Light and Power Company was succeeded by the Vermont Hydro-Electric Corporation , which in turn was absorbed by the Central Vermont Public Service Corporation .
The latter now furnishes the area with electricity distributed from a modern sub-station at Manchester Depot which was put into operation February 19 , 1930 and was improved in January 1942 by the installation of larger transformers .
Some who have written on Utopia have treated it as `` a learned diversion of a learned world '' , `` a phantasy with which More amused himself '' , `` a holiday work , a spontaneous overflow of intellectual high spirits , a revel of debate , paradox , comedy and invention '' .
That a writer who is gay cannot be serious is a common professional illusion , sedulously fostered by all too many academics who mistakenly believe that their frivolous efforts should be taken seriously because they are expressed with that dreary solemnity which is the only mode of expression their authors are capable of .
Secondly , to find a learned diversion and a pleasing joke in More's account of the stupid brutalities of early sixteenth century wars , of the anguish of the poor and dispossessed , of the insolence and cruelty of the rich and powerful requires a callousness toward suffering and sin that would be surprising in a moral imbecile and most surprising in More himself .
Indeed , it is even surprising in the Canon of Christ Church and Regius Professor of Ecclesiastical History , who fathered this most peculiar view , and in the brilliant Professor of Medieval and Renaissance English at Cambridge , who inherited it and is now its most eminent proponent .
But to return to the main line of our inquiry , it is doubtful that Utopia is still widely read because More was medieval or even because he was a martyr -- indeed , it is likely that these days many who read Utopia with interest do not even know that its author was a martyr .
It was not even in writing Latin epigrams , sometimes bawdy ones , or in translating Lucian from Greek into Latin or in defending the study of Greek against the attack of conservative academics , or in attacking the conservative theologians who opposed Erasmus's philological study of the New Testament .
Had More's writings been wholly limited to such exercises , they would be almost as dimly remembered as those of a dozen or so other authors living in his time , whose works tenuously survive in the minds of the few hundred scholars who each decade in pursuit of their very specialized occasions read those works .
And the evidence that he does , indeed , stand there derives quite simply from the vigorous interest with which rather casual readers have responded to that book for the past century or so .
Can we discover what it is in Utopia that has evoked this response ? ?
To others whose concern it is to penetrate the significance of Christian Humanism , the Renaissance elements are of primary concern .
we want to know why that book has kept on selling the way it has ; ;
we want to know what is perennially new about Utopia .
What is new about it ? ?
But it is an answer which opens the door wide to an onrush of objections and denials .
We find it in that `` common way of life pleasing to Christ and still in use among the truest societies of Christians '' , that is , the better monasteries which made it easier to convert the Utopians to Christianity .
We find it in the later Stoic conception of man's natural condition which included the community of all possessions .
But although the idea of communism is very old even in More's day and did not spring full-clad from his imagination in 1515 , it is not communism as such that we are concerned with .
We will achieve a more vivid sense of what it is by realizing what it is not .
Its function is to separate from the base ruled mass , among whom private ownership prevails , the governing warrior elite .
Moreover , it is too readily forgotten that in the Republic what gave the initial impetus to Plato's excursus into the construction of an imaginary commonwealth with its ruling-class communism of goods , wives , and children , was his quest for a canon for the proper ordering of the individual human psyche ; ;
And the monastic communities were supposed to be made up of volunteers selected only after a novitiate which would test their religious aptitude for monastic rigors , their spiritual athleticism .
Finally , the conception of the natural community of all possessions which originated with the Stoics was firmly fixed in a tradition by More's time , although it was not accepted by all the theologian-philosophers of the Middle Ages .
When we give the necessities of life to the poor , we restore to them what is already theirs .
Because community not severalty of property is the law of nature no man can assert an absolutely unalterable right to what is his .
Indeed , of all that is his every man is by nature and reason and therefore by conscience obligated to regard himself as a custodian .
He is a trustee for the common good , however feeble the safeguards which the positive or municipal law of property provides against his misuse of that share of the common fund , wisely or unwisely , entrusted to his keeping .
In a properly ordered society the massive force of public law performs the function which in natural law theory ineptly is left altogether to a small voice so often still .
In all the respects just indicated Utopian communism differs from previous conceptions in which community of possessions and living plays a role .
In a like sense whatever bits or shreds of previous conceptions one may find in it , Utopian communism remains , as an integral whole , original -- a new thing .
and for this statement the best evidence comes within the five years following the publication of Utopia , when Martin Luther elaborates a new perception of the nature of the Divine's encounter with man .
New , indeed , is Luther's perception , but not modern , as anyone knows who has ever tried to make intelligible to modern students what Luther was getting at .
Whatever the merits of its intent , Utopian communism is far too naive , far too crude , to suit any modern socialist or communist .
It is not the details of Utopian communism that make Utopia modern , it is the spirit , the attitude of mind that informs those details .
What that spirit and attitude were we can best understand if we see more precisely how it contrasts with the communist tradition with the longest continuous history , the one which reached Christianity by the way of Stoicism through the Church Fathers of Late Antiquity .
The Providence Daily Journal answered the Daily Post by stating that the raid of John Brown was characteristic of Democratic acts of violence and that `` He was acting in direct opposition to the Republican Party , who proclaim as one of their cardinal principles that they do not interfere with slavery in the states '' .
The Providence Daily Post thought that there were probably good reasons for the haste in which the trial was being conducted and that the only thing gained by a delay would be calmer feelings .
On Wednesday morning , November 2 , 1859 , the Providence Daily Journal stated that although Brown justly deserved the extreme penalty , no man , however criminal , ought to suffer the penalty without a fair trial .
The editor's main criticism of the trial was the haste with which it was conducted .
Concerning the sentence the editor asked , `` What else can Virginia do than to hang the men who have defied her laws , organized treason , and butchered her citizens '' .
J. Wheaton Smith , editor of the Warren Telegraph stated that `` the ends of justice must be satisfied , a solitary example must be set , in order that all those misnamed philantropists , who , actuated by a blind zeal , dare to instigate riot , treason , and murder , may heed it and shape their future course accordingly '' .
The editor of the Newport Advertiser could discover no evidence of extenuating circumstances in the Brown trial which would warrant making an exception to the infliction of capital punishment .
If it failed on occasion to elect its candidates for general state offices by majorities , the failure was due to a lingering remnant of the Know-Nothing party , which called itself the American Republican party .
During the month of November hardly a day passed when there was not some mention of John Brown in the Rhode Island newspapers .
On Wednesday evening , November 23 , 1859 , in Warren , Rev. Mark Trafton of New Bedford , gave a `` Mission of Sympathy '' lecture in which he favorably viewed the Harper's Ferry insurrection .
No sympathy or admiration for Brown could be found in the Providence Daily Post , for the editor claimed that there were a score of men in the state prison who were a thousand times more deserving of sympathy .
The editor of the Daily Journal warned , `` that if such a demonstration be made , it will not find support or countenance from any of the men whose names are recognized as having a right to speak for Providence '' .
Despite the opposition of the city newspapers , the Pratt Hall meeting `` brought together a very respectable audience , composed in part of those who had been distinguished for years for their radical views upon the subject of slavery , of many of our colored citizens , and of those who were attracted to the place by the novelty of such a gathering '' .
The first speaker was Amos C. Barstow who had been unanimously chosen president of the meeting .
Following Day was Woodbury who spoke of his disapproval of Brown's attempt at servile insurrection , his admiration of Brown's character , and his opposition to slavery .
Davis commenced his remarks by an allusion to the general feeling of opposition which the meeting had encountered from many of the citizens and all the newspapers of the city .
He said that the propriety or impropriety of such a gathering was a question that was to be settled by every man in accordance with the convictions of private judgments .
In the remainder of his speech Davis spoke of his admiration for Brown and warned those who took part in the meeting that they `` are liable to the charge that they are supporting traitors and upholding men whom the laws have condemned '' .
Whereas , John Brown has cheerfully risked his life in endeavoring to deliver those who are denied all rights and is this day doomed to suffer death for his efforts in behalf of those who have no helper : Therefore ,
Resolved that , while we most decidedly disapprove the methods he adopted to accomplish his objects , yet in his willingness to die in aid of the great cause of human freedom , we still recognize the qualities of a noble nature and the exercise of a spirit which true men have always admired and which history never fails to honor .
Resolved that his wrongs and bereavements in Kansas , occasioned by the violence and brutality of those who were intent on the propagation of slavery in that territory , call for a charitable judgment upon his recent efforts in Virginia to undermine the despotism from which he had suffered , and commend his family to the special sympathy and aid of all who pity suffering and reverence justice .
These areas , by virtue of their abrupt density of pattern , stated the literal surface with such new and superior force that the resulting contrast drove the simulated printing into a depth from which it could be rescued -- and set to shuttling again -- only by conventional perspective ; ;
It was for this reason , and no other that I can see , that in September 1912 , Braque took the radical and revolutionary step of pasting actual pieces of imitation-woodgrain wallpaper to a drawing on paper , instead of trying to simulate its texture in paint .
Picasso says that he himself had already made his first collage toward the end of 1911 , when he glued a piece of imitation-caning oilcloth to a painting on canvas .
It is true that his first collage looks more Analytical than Braque's , which would confirm the date he assigns it .
When we examine what each master says was his first collage we see that much the same thing happens in each .
For the illusion of depth created by the contrast between the affixed material and everything else gives way immediately to an illusion of forms in bas-relief , which gives way in turn , and with equal immediacy , to an illusion that seems to contain both -- or neither .
Instead of isolating the literal flatness by specifying and circumscribing it , the pasted paper or cloth releases and spreads it , and the artist seems to have nothing left but this undepicted flatness with which to finish as well as start his picture .
Yet the violent immediacy of the wallpaper strips pasted to the paper , and the only lesser immediacy of block capitals that simulate window lettering , manage somehow to push the grape cluster back into place on the picture plane so that it does not `` jump '' .
and it is as if the only stable relation left among the different parts of the picture is the ambivalent and ambiguous one that each has with the surface .
Planes defined as parallel to the surface also cut through it into real space , and a depth is suggested optically which is greater than that established pictorially .
they had also had to generalize it -- to the point , finally , where the illusion of depth and relief became abstracted from specific three-dimensional entities and was rendered largely as the illusion of depth and relief as such : as a disembodied attribute and expropriated property detached from everything not itself .
and as the aspect of the subject was transposed into those clusters of more or less interchangeable and contour-obliterating facet-planes by which plasticity was isolated under the Cubist method , the subject itself became largely unrecognizable .
Cubism , in its 1911-1912 phase ( which the French , with justice , call `` hermetic '' ) was on the verge of abstract art .
If , on the other hand , they opted for representation , it had to be representation per se -- representation as image pure and simple , without connotations ( at least , without more than schematic ones ) of the three-dimensional space in which the objects represented originally existed .
It was the collage that made the terms of this dilemma clear : the representational could be restored and preserved only on the flat and literal surface now that illusion and representation had become , for the first time , mutually exclusive alternatives .
( This provides whatever real justification there is for the talk about `` reality '' .
When the smaller facet-planes of Analytical Cubism were placed upon or juxtaposed with the large , dense shapes formed by the affixed materials of the collage , they had to coalesce -- become `` synthesized '' -- into larger planar shapes themselves simply in order to maintain the integrity of the picture plane .
and independent silhouettes are apt to coincide with the recognizable contours of the subject from which a picture starts ( if it does start from a subject ) .
Only when the collage had been exhaustively translated into oil , and transformed by this translation , did Cubism become an affair of positive color and flat , interlocking silhouettes whose legibility and placement created allusions to , if not the illusion of , unmistakable three-dimensional identities .
this was the point at which he finally took the lead in Cubist innovation away from Braque , never again to relinquish it .
But even before that , Picasso had glimpsed and entered , for a moment , a certain revolutionary path in which no one had preceded him .
to this he glued and fitted other pieces of paper and four taut strings , thus creating a sequence of flat surfaces in real and sculptural space to which there clung only the vestige of a picture plane .
It is hard to believe that this mass of intertwined concrete constitutes what the law calls `` the highest and best use '' of centrally located urban land .
it removes forever from the tax rolls property which should be taxed to pay for the city services .
freeways boost valuation less ( because the garages they require are not prime buildings by a long shot ) , and reduce the acreage that can be taxed .
Less ambitious freeway plans may be more successful -- especially when the roadways and interchanges are raised , allowing for cross access at many points and providing parking areas below the ramp .
The appeal of the suburb is particularly strong for heavy industry , which must move bulky objects along a lengthy assembly line and wants enough land area to do the entire job on one floor .
It is merely the latest example of the leapfrog growth which formed the pattern of virtually all American cities .
The big factories which are relatively near the centers of our cities -- the rubber factories in Akron , Chrysler's Detroit plants , U.S. Steel's Pittsburgh works -- often began on these sites at a time when that was the edge of the city , yet close to transport ( river ) , storage ( piers ) and power ( river ) .
The `` leapfrog '' was a phenomenon of the railroad and the steam turbine , and the time when the belts of residence surrounding the old factory area were not yet blighted .
But anybody who promises a substantial volume of business can get a railroad to run a short spur to his plant these days , and many businesses can live without the railroad .
And there are now many millions of workers for whom the factory with the big parking lot , which can be reached by driving across or against the usual pattern of rush hour traffic and grille-route bus lines , is actually more convenient than the walk-to factory .
And wherever the new thruways go up their banks are lined by neat glass and metal and colored brick light industry .
The drive along Massachusetts' Route 128 , the by-pass which makes an arc about twenty miles from downtown Boston , may be a vision of the future .
But they deny the values of the city -- the crowded , competitive , tolerant city , the `` melting pot '' which gave off so many of the most admirable American qualities .
It is interesting to note how many of the plants on Massachusetts' Route 128 draw most of their income either from the government in non-competitive cost-plus arrangements , or from the exploitation of patents which grant at least a partial monopoly .
What hurts most is the damage the automobile has done to central-city retailing , especially in those cities where public transit is feeble .
But whenever a major purchase was contemplated forty years ago -- a new bedroom set or a winter coat , an Easter bonnet , a bicycle for Junior -- the family set off for the downtown department store , where the selection would be greatest .
Department stores congregated in the `` one hundred per cent location '' , where all the transit lines converged .
If the retailer and hotelman's downtown unit sales have been decreasing , however , his dollar volume continues to rise , and it is dollars which you put in the bank .
The suburban branch is thereby credited with a sale which would have been made even if its glass doors had never opened .
Accounting procedures which continue to charge a disproportionate overhead and warehouse expense to the main store make the branches seem more profitable than they are .
Fear of the competition -- always a great motivating force in the American economy -- makes retailers who do not have suburban operations exaggerate both the volume and the profitability of their rival's shiny new branches .
Moreover , the cost of operations is always high in any new store , as the conservative bankers who act as controllers for retail giants are beginning to discover .
When all has been said , however , the big branch store remains a major break with history in the development of American retailing .
Indeed , there are some cities where the suburban shopping pulls customers who are geographically much nearer to downtown .
And if the affection for the suburban branch reflects a desire to shop with `` nice people '' , rather than with the indiscriminate urban mass which supports the downtown department store , the central location may be in serious trouble .
Today , according to land economist Homer Hoyt , shopping centers and their associated parking lots cover some 46,000 acres of land , which is almost exactly the total land area in all the nation's Central Business Districts put together .
The downtown store continues to offer the great inducement of variety , both within its gates and across the street , where other department stores are immediately convenient for the shopper who wants to see what is available before making up her mind .
If this analysis is correct , the suburban branches will turn out to be what management's cost accountants refuse to acknowledge , marginal operations rather than major factors .
`` How ya gonna keep 'em down on the farm '' ? ?
Was a question that had to be asked long before they saw Paree .
In their book , American Skyline , Christopher Tunnard and Henry Hope Reed argue that Franklin Roosevelt's New Deal was what made the modern suburb a possibility -- a fine ironical argument , when you consider how suburbanites tend to vote .
The first superhighways -- New York's Henry Hudson and Chicago's Lake Shore , San Francisco's Bay Bridge and its approaches , a good slice of the Pennsylvania Turnpike -- were built as part of the federal works program which was going to cure the depression .
Bankers who had been reluctant to lend without better security than the house itself got that security from the U. S. government ; ;
householders who had been unable to pick up the burden of short-term high-interest mortgages found they could borrow for twenty-five years at 4 per cent , under government aegis .
The artistic generation after Brumidi was trained in the Paris of that time to a more meticulous standard of execution , and tended to overlook greatness of conception where faults and weakness were easy to find .
Constantino Brumidi designed the decorative scheme as a whole , in collaboration with the architect Charles U. Walter , at the time when plans were being made to replace the wooden dome of Bullfinch with the present much larger iron structure .
After many years and many interruptions he was able to finish the canopy fresco , and slightly less than half the frieze , beginning with the Liberty group opposite the East door , and ending with William Penn , all but one leg , when a tragic accident ended his career .
These were carried out not too faithfully by Filippo Costaggini , who began by supplying the missing member to the founder of Pennsylvania and noting in pencil , in Italian , that he `` began at this point '' .
When Costaggini had used up all the sketches thirty-six feet of empty frieze were left over .
What follows is therefore a description of three separate undertakings , the new frescoing of the gap , and the successive essays in conservation , with some discussion of problems that arose in connection with each .
For the use of students and future restorers , a full , day-by-day record was kept of all three undertakings , complete technical reports on what we found and what we did .
When it was all arranged to fit , and not to interrupt the lengthwise flow of movement in the frieze , the cartoons were tried in place .
Later it was gratifying to note that they had set so solidly as to be hard to remove when the time came .
What bits of Brumidi and Costaggini could be reached at either end seemed in good order , though the roughish sandy surface was thick with dust .
Some of the lime that is always on hand in the Capitol basement for plaster repairs was slaked several months for us ; ;
This last was probably not in Brumidi's palette , but was needed to take the chill , bluish look off the new work next to the old , where softening effects of time were seen , even after thorough cleaning .
Experience showed , however , that it is very difficult to paint a dark umber background in fresco that will not dry out spotty and uneven .
ground together they made a strong adhesive , which became waterproof in drying .
On the right is the Brumidi Liberty group , as it looked after cleaning operations , which had not yet come around to the other end ; ;
where , of Costaggini , only some foliage has been washed , at the point where his work stopped .
One is led to speculate as to why the empty space was there , left for our century to finish .
This question might be settled by comparing the measurement of the actual circumference with the dimensions noted , presumably in Brumidi's hand , above the various sections of his long preparatory drawing , which has been kept .
Whosever fault , it is evident that Brumidi intended to fill out the whole frieze with his `` histories '' and come full circle with the scene of the discovery of California gold .
Here he put a small man , whose missing hands might have left his function doubtful , until comparison with the first sketches showed that when the artist came back to the beginning , this was to be the closing figure of the party of `` forty-niners '' , and was to hold a basket .
The photograph , Figure 1 of the completed frieze , shows how , having been separated from his fellows in useless isolation for eighty years , he has now been given a hand , and by juxtaposition ( and the permission of the Committee ) , given a new job , to represent the witnesses of the first flight at Kitty Hawk in 1903 .
Every few days , in the early morning , as the work progressed , twenty men would appear to push it ahead and to shift the plank foundation that distributed its weight widely on the Rotunda pavement , supported as it is by ancient brick vaulting .
No soap or other cleaning agent was used that might bring in unwanted chemical reactions .
The greatest source of trouble was rain which had repeatedly flowed from openings above , soaking the surface and leaving streaks of dissolved lime , very conspicuous even after cleaning , particularly in the `` Landing of Columbus '' , `` Oglethorpe and the Indians '' , and `` Yorktown '' .
Those whom I wish to address with this letter are for the most part unknown to me .
It may well be that , when Rudy Pozzatti and I visited your country last spring , you were living and working close to the places we saw and the streets we walked .
Even though we did not see many of your faces , it appears now quite evident that a considerable number of your profession heard , from those whom we had the fortune to encounter , that we had been in your midst .
We , ourselves , are always eager to know how others feel about us and the way in which we live .
Pozzatti and I endeavored earnestly to record our impressions without the prejudice that the anxiety of our time so easily provokes .
Too much damage is done by `` experts '' who have spent even less time , if any at all , in the U.S.S.R. .
If this attitude is seriously questioned in the Soviet Union , it does not necessarily follow that the majority of the society in which I live is too aware of the necessity for clarity on this ethical as well as aesthetic point of view .
That which I found most profound and most disturbing appeared to evoke a curiously muted reaction .
Apparently this is not the time and the climate in which people will listen objectively , or at least dispassionately , to individual impressions of a subject which preoccupies a good deal of their waking moments .
I am equally impatient with the shrug of the shoulder , shake of the head of those who no longer care because they have known it for so long ; ;
the aggressive disbelief of those who are romantically lost in a semantic jungle of the word `` Revolution '' ; ;
the belligerent denunciations by the sick fanatics of ignorance who try to build a papier-mache wall of pseudo-patriotism on our physical horizons .
We stood under a gigantic tree in the rolling country just outside of Moscow looking at silent flowers on the grave of a Russian poet and writer who cherished the love for his country to the point of foregoing the highest international honor .
Just yesterday we had met and talked with a living writer , a contemporary of the dead poet , who is known for his ability of manipulating his ideas and his craft more advantageously .
These two recollections form the frame around a series of experiences and sights which , to me at least , symbolize the extremes in the aesthetic as well as ethical conflict between materialism and humanism .
A struggle that is being waged all over the world in the half-light of disinterest .
The prevalent opinion which we encountered in a variety of expressions in your country denied not only the existence of this conflict but it was elaborated even further with an incredible semantic dexterity .
When I speculated on one such occasion that the new growth , like other mutations , might be unable to propagate , I was immediately accused of preaching racial prejudice .
After a while we were perhaps less surprised , but still puzzled , when a friendly discussion would suddenly jump the track into the most irrelevant and illogical comparisons .
We had looked forward to what we hoped to be our first informal meeting with a number of Moscow's artists .
Instead , we became involved in a series of friendly , but overly formal , welcoming addresses to which we had no choice but to reply in kind .
It was only after we had responded , with what I fear were similar cliches , that she went into action by questioning our desire for friendship and understanding with a challenge about aggressive and warlike actions by the U.S. Government in Cuba and Laos .
She retreated by leaving the room when we suggested that our meeting might well terminate right then and there .
She did not go so far as to say , as was done on other occasions , that Abstraction as well as Impressionism were a Russian invention that had been discarded as unwanted by the people of the U.S.S.R.
We are acutely aware that yours is a society which , in spite of several wars and many privations , has developed itself into one of the foremost nations of the world .
But certainly , all will agree that it is not so much the knowledge and search for similarities between you and us , but rather the thoughtful exploration and acceptance of our differences which may lead us to our respective and desired goals with a minimum of misunderstanding .
To many of us , this is a land to which we or our parents fled from totalitarian terror in order to live in dignified freedom .
Its scope is as broad as the question : What does it mean to live in modern society ? ?
A work so broad , even when it is directed by a leading idea and informed by a moral vision , must necessarily `` fail '' .
A careful and orderly man , who values precision and a kind of tough intellectual responsibility , might easily be put off by such a book .
The thing can be made to look like the cluttered attic of a large and vigorous family -- a motley jumble of discarded objects , some outworn and some that were never useful , some once whole and bright but now chipped and tarnished , some odd pieces whose history no one remembers , here and there a gem , everything fascinating because it suggests some part of the human condition -- the whole adding up to nothing more than a glimpse into the disorderly history of the makers and users .
Since I have already discussed his moral position , that discussion is incorporated by reference into the following pages , which will focus on the empirical and analytic side of Fromm's treatment .
I shall first indicate a couple of weaknesses in Fromm's analysis , then argue that , granted these weaknesses , he still has much left that is valuable , and , finally , raise the general question of a philosophical versus a sociological approach to the question of alienation .
What is missing is work that would answer , presumably by the use of survey methods and Guttman-type attitude scales , such questions as these : What are the components of the feeling-state described as alienation ? ?
How widespread is alienation ? ?
What is its incidence among the various classes and subgroups of the population ? ?
Taking alienation as a dependent variable , with what socio-structural factors is it most highly associated ? ?
Considered as an independent variable , how does it affect behavior in various sectors of life ? ?
Until such work is done , there must remain the nagging suspicion that alienation may be little more than an expression of the malaise of the intellectual , who , rejected by and in turn rejecting the larger society , projects his own fear and despair onto the broader social screen .
Another example is his very infrequent use of the large amount of data from surveys designed to discover what and how people actually do feel and think on a broad range of topics : he cites such survey-type findings just three times .
What matters is that while Fromm's reading of the data is not the only one possible , it is precisely the one we would expect from a writer who earnestly believes that every man can and ought to be happy and satisfied .
Fromm also cites a poll on attitudes toward work restriction conducted by the Opinion Research Corporation in 1945 , in which 49 per cent of manual workers said a man ought to turn out as much as he could in a day's work , while 41 per cent said he should not do his best but should turn out only the average amount .
One might use such findings to indicate the strength of informal primary associations in the factory , an interpretation which would run counter to Fromm's theory of alienation .
In view of these shortcomings in both the amount and the interpretation of survey-type findings on public opinion , and considering the criticisms which can be brought against Fromm's philosophical anthropology , such a passage as the following cannot be taken seriously .
When alienation is used as an objective and diagnostic category , for example , it becomes clear that Fromm would have to say that awareness of alienation goes far toward conquering it .
) Starting from this , and accepting his estimate of the iniquities of modern society , it would follow that the really disturbing evidence of alienation would be that of a work-satisfaction survey which reported widespread , stated worker satisfaction , rather than widespread , stated worker dissatisfaction .
The point is that in a system such as Fromm's which recognizes unconscious motivations , and which rests on certain ethical absolutes , empirical data can be used to support whatever proposition the writer is urging at the moment .
While the `` empirical psychoanalytic '' label which Fromm claims sheds no light on the validity of his underlying philosophy , it does increase the marketability of his product .
The final example of the failure to use available evidence , though evidence of a different kind from that which has so far been considered , comes from Fromm's treatment of some other writers who have dealt with the same themes .
In a brief chapter dealing with `` Various Other Diagnoses '' , he quotes isolated passages from some writers whose views seem to corroborate his own , and finds it `` most remarkable that a critical view of twentieth-century society was already held by a number of thinkers living in the nineteenth .
It is largely a matter of finding passages that suit one's purposes .
One can make them say the same thing only by not listening to them very carefully and hearing only what one wants to hear .
It omits , for example , practically the whole line of great nineteenth century English social critics , nearly all the great writers whose basic position is religious , and all those who are with more or less accuracy called Existentialists .
Of course , the list also excludes all writers who are fairly `` optimistic '' about the modern situation ; ;
It is not hard to find that concurrence of opinion which Fromm finds so remarkable when you ignore all who hold a different opinion .
Turning from these problems of the use of evidence , one meets another type of difficulty in Fromm's analysis , which is his loose and ambiguous use of certain important terms .
If one characteristic distinguishes Boris Godunov , it is the consistency with which every person on the stage -- including the chorus -- comes alive in the music .
In this he followed a path that led back to the very source of opera ; ;
The moments of sung melody , in the usual sense , come most often when the character is actually supposed to be singing , as in folk songs and liturgical chants .
Even those who appear in only one or two scenes are full personalities , defined with economical precision .
Consider the four monks who figure prominently in the action : Pimen , Varlaam , Missail and the Jesuit Rangoni .
A quiet but sturdy theme , somewhat folklike in character , appears whenever the old monk speaks of the history he is recording or of his own past life :
it introduces Pimen when he comes before Boris in the last act .
Varlaam and Missail always appear together and often sing together , in a straightforward , rhythmically vigorous idiom that distinguishes them from the more subtle and well-educated Pimen .
The same could be said for the song to which they make their entrance in the final scene .
Whatever learning they may have had in their order doesn't disturb them now .
Missail is the straight man , not very talkative , mild-mannered when he does speak .
Varlaam is loud , rowdy , uninhibited in his pleasures and impatient with anyone who is not the same .
A rough ostinato figure , heard first in the introduction to the inn scene , characterizes him amusingly and reappears whenever he comes into the action :
The Song Of Kazan , in which this figure becomes a wild-sounding accompaniment , fills in the picture of undisciplined high spirits .
( We can imagine how they startled audiences of the 1870's .
Varlaam's music begins to ramble as he feels the effects of the wine , but he pulls himself together when the need arises .
His music shows a sensuality coupled with an eerie quality that suggest somehow a blood-kinship with Dappertutto in Offenbach's Hoffman .
His personality appears more striking by contrast with Marina , who is -- perhaps purposely -- rather superficially characterized .
Rangoni's first entrance is a musical shock , a sudden open fifth in a key totally unrelated to what has preceded it .
He speaks quietly , concealing his authority beneath a smooth humility , just as the shifting harmonies that accompany him all but hide the firm pedal point beneath them .
Curiously , this scene is a close parallel to one that Verdi was writing at the same time , the scene between Amonasro and Aida .
The music becomes ethereal as he calls up a vision of her own sainthood : it is she , he tells her , who can bring the truth to Russia and convert the heretics .
Now Rangoni comes to the point , and we hear , for the first time , a long , downward chromatic scale that will become the characteristic motif of his sinister power .
she is the unattainable beauty , the princess who turns away suitors by the dozen .
Whatever the source of Rangoni's power , Marina is his captive now ; ;
we are reminded of this at the end of the next scene , when his theme cuts through the warmth of the love duet , again throwing a chill over the atmosphere .
Mussorgsky makes this quite clear by the extent to which choral scenes propel the action .
Hot arguments arise between tenors and basses , who will sing in harmony only when they agree on an idea .
Mussorgsky paints a telling picture of the common people , those who must suffer the effects of their rulers' struggle for power without understanding the causes .
They will kneel and plead for Boris' leadership in a strangely intense song , its phrases irregularly broken as if gasping for breath , but when the police with their cudgels move away , they mock and grumble and fight among themselves .
`` Hey , Mityukh '' , asks one group , `` what are we shouting about '' ? ?
They echo the words with which he has described his own vision of the dying child who `` trembles and begs for mercy -- and there is no mercy '' .
this is met with scorn by the hearers , who claim that Mityukh is lying or drunk .
This seems odd when one recalls that he wrote poetry longer than any other major English poet : `` Domicilium '' is dated `` between 1857 and 1860 '' ; ;
This is not , however , the case , and development is a term which we can apply to Hardy only in a very limited sense .
In a time when poetic style , and poetic belief as well , seem in a state of continual flux , Hardy stands out as a poet of almost perverse consistency .
the `` sober opinion '' of his letter to Noyes , written when Hardy was eighty years old , is essentially that of his first `` philosophical '' notebook entry , made when he was twenty-five : `` The world does not despise us : it only neglects us '' ( Early Life , p. 63 ) .
And though in his later years he revised his poems many times , the revisions did not alter the essential nature of the style which he had established before he was thirty ; ;
There is only one sense in which it is valid to talk about Hardy's development : he did develop toward a more consistent and more effective control of that tone which we recognize as uniquely his .
There is only one Hardy style , but in the earlier poems that style is only intermittently evident , and when it is not , the style is the style of another poet , or of the fashion of the time .
There are two ways of getting at a poet's development : through his dated poems , and through the revisions which he made in later editions of his work .
About a quarter of Hardy's poems carry an appended date line , usually the year of completion , but sometimes inclusive years ( `` 1908 - 1910 '' ) or two separate dates when Hardy worked on the poem ( `` 1905 and 1926 '' ) or an approximate date ( `` During the War '' ) .
The dated poems also give us an idea of the degree to which Hardy drew upon past productions for his various volumes , and therefore probably are an indication of the amount of poetry he was writing at the time .
The first productive period came when he was considering poetry as a vocation , before he had decided to write fiction for a living ( in his note for Who's Who he wrote that he `` wrote verses 1865 - 1868 ; ;
After 1895 the number increases , and in the next thirty years there is only one year for which there is no dated poem -- 1903 , when Hardy was at work on The Dynasts .
The second productive period , the decade from 1910 to 1920 , can be related to three events : the completion of The Dynasts in 1909 , which left Hardy free of pressure for the first time in forty years ; ;
the death of Emma Hardy in 1912 , which had a profound emotional effect on Hardy for which he found release in poetry ; ;
Like a wise gardener , Hardy pruned away the Shakespearian sonnets and songs , and the elements of meter and poetic diction to which his personal style was not suited , and let the main stock of his talent flourish .
there is no phrase or image that sounds like Hardy or that is striking enough to give individuality to the poem .
The details of the setting of `` Neutral Tones '' are not , strictly speaking , metaphorical , but they combine to create a mood which is appropriate both to a dismal winter day and to the end of love , and in this way love and weather , the emotions and the elements , symbolize each other in a way that is common to many of Hardy's best poems ( `` Weathers '' , `` The Darkling Thrush '' , and `` During Wind and Rain '' , for example ) and to some moving passages in the novels as well ( Far From The Madding Crowd is full of scenes constructed in this way ) .
I cite it as evidence that he did not develop through new styles as he grew older ( as Yeats did ) , but that he simply learned to use better what he already had .
they compose a painful elegy to what might have been , to a marriage that began with a promise of happiness , and ended in long years of suffering and hatred .
They are the only poems that he rearranged as a group between their first appearance ( in Satires Of Circumstance ) and the publication of the Collected Poems .
Critically invisible , modern revolt , like X-rays and radioactivity , is perceived only by its effects at more materialistic social levels , where it is called delinquency .
`` Disaffiliation '' , by the way , is the term used by the critic and poet , Lawrence Lipton , who has written several articles on this subject , the first of which , in The Nation , quoted as Epigraph : `` We disaffiliate .
Both of them were overcome by the horror of the world in which they found themselves , because at last they could no longer overcome that world with the weapon of a purely lyrical art .
Living in San Francisco I saw them seldom enough to see them with a perspective which was not distorted by exasperation or fatigue .
`` What happened , man '' ? ?
Music , of course , is not so explicit an art , but anybody who knew Charlie Parker knows that he felt much the same way about his own gift .
It is the theme of Horace , who certainly otherwise bears little resemblance to Parker or Thomas .
I believe rather that it is due to the catastrophic world in which that creativity seemed to be the sole value .
And there is less rhythmic difference between progressive jazz , no matter how progressive , and Dixieland , than there is between two movements of many conventional symphonies .
What Parker and his contemporaries -- Gillespie , Davis , Monk , Roach ( Tristano is an anomaly ) , etc. -- did was to absorb the musical ornamentation of the older jazz into the basic structure , of which it then became an integral part , and with which it then developed .
This is true of the melodic line which could be put together from selected passages of almost anybody -- Benny Carter , Johnny Hodges .
It is true of the rhythmic pattern in which the beat shifts continuously , or at least is continuously sprung , so that it becomes ambiguous enough to allow the pattern to be dominated by the long pulsations of the phrase or strophe .
This is exactly what happened in the transition from baroque to rococo music .
It is not a farfetched analogy to say that this is what Thomas did to poetry .
The metaphysical conceits , which fascinate the Reactionary Generation still dominant in backwater American colleges , were embroideries .
This is one difference between Bird and Dylan which should be pointed out .
I want to make clear what I consider the one technical development in the first wave of significant post-war arts .
Just as Hart Crane had little influence on anyone except very reactionary writers -- like Allen Tate , for instance , to whom Valery was the last word in modern poetry and the felicities of an Apollinaire , let alone a Paul Eluard were nonsense -- so Dylan Thomas's influence has been slight indeed .
In fact , his only disciple -- the only person to imitate his style -- was W. S. Graham , who seems to have imitated him without much understanding , and who has since moved on to other methods .
Thomas's principal influence lay in the communication of an attitude -- that of the now extinct British romantic school of the New Apocalypse -- Henry Treece , J. F. Hendry , and others -- all of whom were quite conventional poets .
There is no longer any sense of continuing development of the sort that can be traced from Baudelaire to Eluard , or for that matter , from Hawthorne through Henry James to Gertrude Stein .
The cubist generation before World War 1 , , and , on a lower level , the surrealists of the period between the wars , both assumed an accepted universe of discourse , in which , to quote Andre Breton , it was possible to make definite advances , exactly as in the sciences .
Once again what has happened is an all-consuming confabulation of the incidentals , the accidents of painting .
the splashes of light and black which fake drapery in the fashionable imitators of Hals and Sargent .
Its poverty shows up immediately when compared with Tiepolo , where the rococo rises to painting of extraordinary profundity and power .
A Tiepolo painting , however confabulated , is a universe of tensions in vast depths .
A process of elimination which leaves the artist with nothing but the play of his materials themselves cannot sustain interest in either artist or public for very long .
the verse of Beowulf or of The Iliad and The Odyssey was not easy to create but was not impossible for poets who had developed their talents perforce in earning a livelihood .
The poet in a written tradition who generally never blots a line may once in a while pause and polish without incurring blame .
The Germanic poet had such aids in the kennings , which provided for the difficulties of alliteration ; ;
the Homeric poet had epithets , which provided for recurring needs in the hexameter .
Limited to a few thousand lines of heroic verse in Anglo-Saxon as in the other Germanic dialects , we cannot say how frequently the kennings in Beowulf recurred in contemporary epic on the same soil .
One of the greatest Homerists of our time , Frederick M. Combellack , argues that when it is assumed The Iliad and The Odyssey are oral poems , the postulated single redactor called Homer cannot be either credited with or denied originality in choice of phrasing .
Any example of grand or exquisite diction may have been created by the poet who compiled numerous lays into the two works we possess or may be due to one of his completely unknown fellow-craftsmen .
no strikingly effective element of speech in the extant poems can with assurance be said not to have been a commonplace in the vaster epic corpus that may have existed at the beginning of the first millennium before Christ .
With a few important and a few more unimportant exceptions , no expression can be deemed le mot juste for its context , because each was very probably the only expression that long-established practice and ease of rapid recitation would allow .
Words or phrases that connoisseurs have admired as handsome or ironic or humorous must therefore lose merit and become regarded as mere inevitable time-servers , sometimes accurate and sometimes not .
If the master of scops who was most responsible for the poem ever used kennings that were traditional , he was at least partly deprived of free will and not inclined towards shrewd and sophisticated misuse of speech elements .
A long evolution in an oral tradition caused the poetic language of the heroic age to be based upon formulas that show the important qualities of things , and these formulas are therefore potentially rather than always actually accurate .
True , we do not know how they were regarded in their day , but we need not believe the epic audience to have been more insensitive to the formulas than the numerous scholars of modern times who have read Germanic or Homeric poetry all their lives and still found much to admire in occasional occurrences of the most familiar phrases .
Even when defenseless of weapons the Danes would be Gar-Dene ( as their king is Hrothgar ) and Priam would be EUMMELIHS .
Achilles , like Siegfried in The Nibelungenlied , is potentially the swiftest of men and may accordingly be called swift-footed even when he stands idle .
Albert B. Lord suggests that the Homeric poems were dictated to a scribe by a minstrel who held in his mind the poems fully matured but did not himself possess the knowledge of writing since it would be useless to his guild , and Magoun argues that the Beowulf poet and Cynewulf may have dictated their verse in the same fashion .
This explanation is attractive , but is vitiated at least in part by the observation that Cynewulf , though he used kennings in the traditional manner , was a literate man who four times inscribed his name by runes into his works .
In lieu of the amanuensis to the blind or illiterate bard , one may conceive of a man who heard a vast store of oral poetry recited , and became intimately familiar with the established aids to poetizing , and himself wrote his own compositions or his edition of the compositions of the past .
The account of the growth and final transcription of these epics rests partly , however , upon the degree to which they were formulaic .
In determining the extent to which any poem is formulaic it is idle , however , to inspect nothing besides lines repeated in their entirety , for a stock of line-fragments would be sufficient to permit the poet to extemporize with deftness if they provided for prosodic needs .
J. H. Miller's excellent chapter on Great Expectations has lately illustrated how fruitfully that novel can be read from such a perspective .
In his analysis , however , he touches upon but fails to explore an idea , generally neglected in discussions of the book , which I believe is central to its art -- the importance of human hands as a recurring feature of the narrative .
Mr. Jaggers habitually bites his forefinger , a gesture which conveys both contempt and the inscrutable abstractedness that half fascinates , half terrifies all who have dealings with him .
Such mannerisms would be less worthy of remark , were it not that in Great Expectations , as in no other of Dickens' novels , hands serve as a leitmotif of plot and theme -- a kind of unifying symbol or natural metaphor for the book's complex of human interrelationships and the values and attitudes that motivate them .
Such associations suit well with the gothic or mystery-story aspects of Dickens' novel , but , on a deeper plane , they relate to the themes of sin , guilt , and pursuit that have recently been analyzed by other critics .
The novel opens with a fugitive convict frantically trying to avoid the nemesis of being `` laid hands on '' -- a mysterious figure who looks into Pip's frightened eyes in the churchyard `` as if he were eluding the hands of the dead people , stretching up cautiously out of their graves , to get a twist upon his ankle and pull him in '' .
Magwitch terrifies Pip into stealing a pork pie for him by creating the image in the boy's imagination of a bogy man who may `` softly creep his way to him and tear him open '' , `` imbruing his hands '' in him .
As Pip agonizes over the theft that his own hands have committed , his guilty conscience projects itself upon the wooden finger of a local signpost , transforming it into `` a phantom devoting me to the Hulks '' .
later he flees in panic from the family table just as his theft is about to be discovered and is blocked at the front door by a soldier who accusingly holds out a pair of handcuffs which he has brought to Gargery's forge for mending .
Through such details Dickens indicates at the outset that guilt is a part of the ironic bond between Pip and Magwitch which is so unpredictably to alter both their lives .
Dickens , for excellent psychological reasons , never fully reveals Magwitch's felonious past , but Pip , at the convict's climactic reappearance in London , shrinks from clasping a hand which he fears `` might be stained with blood '' .
Orlick slouches about the forge `` like Cain '' with `` his hands in his pockets '' , and when he shouts abuse at Mrs. Joe for objecting to his holiday , she claps her hands in a tantrum , beats them `` upon her bosom and upon her knees '' , and clenches them in her husband's hair .
This last `` rampage '' is only the prelude to the vicious blow upon her head , `` dealt by some unknown hand '' whose identity is later revealed not verbally but through a manual action -- the tracing of Orlick's hammer upon a slate .
It is the similarity between Estella's hands and Molly's ( `` The action of her fingers was like the action of knitting '' ) that provides Pip with a vital clue to the real identity of both and establishes a symbolic connection between the underworld of crime and the genteel cruelty of Satis House .
Finally , Magwitch's pursuit of Compeyson , his archenemy and betrayer , begins by his holding him in a vicelike grip on the river flats to frustrate his escape and culminates in his `` laying his hand on his cloak to identify him '' , thus precipitating the death-locked struggle in the water during which Compeyson drowns .
Money , so important a theme elsewhere in Dickens , is here central , and hands are often associated in some way with the false values -- acquisitiveness , snobbery , self-interest , hypocrisy , toadyism , irresponsibility , injustice -- that attach to a society based upon the pursuit of wealth .
Dickens suggests the economic evils of such a society on the first page of his novel in the description of Pip's five little dead brothers `` who gave up trying to get a living exceedingly early in that universal struggle '' , who seemed to have `` all been born on their backs with their hands in their trousers-pockets , and had never taken them out in this state of existence '' .
Pip's great expectations , his progress through illusion and disillusionment , turn , somewhat as they do for the naive hero of Dreiser's American Tragedy , upon the lure of genteel prosperity through unearned income -- what Wemmick calls `` portable property '' and what Jaggers reproaches Pip for letting `` slip through ( his ) fingers '' .
Almost the first step in the corruption of Pip's values is the unworthy shame he feels when Estella cruelly remarks the coarseness of his hands : `` They had never troubled me before , but they troubled me now , as vulgar appendages '' .
Pip imagines how Estella would look down upon Joe's hands , roughened by work in the smithy , and the deliberate contrast between her white hands and his blackened ones is made to symbolize the opposition of values between which Pip struggles -- idleness and work , artificiality and naturalness , gentility and commonness , coldness and affection -- in fact , between Satis House and the forge .
When the snobbery that alienates Pip from Joe finally gives way before the deeper and stronger force of love , the reunion is marked by an embarrassed handshake at which Pip exclaims : `` No , don't wipe it off -- for God's sake , give me your blackened hand '' ! !
Pip's abject leave-taking of Miss Havisham , during which he kneels to kiss her hand , signalizes his homage to a supposed patroness who seems to be opening up for him a new world of glamour ; ;
when , on the journey to London that immediately follows , he pauses nostalgically to lay his hand upon the finger-post at the end of the village , the wooden pointer symbolically designates a spiritual frontier between innocence and the corruption of worldly vanity .
The vulture-like attendance of the Pocket family upon Miss Havisham is summed up in the hypocritical gestures of Miss Camilla Pocket , who puts her hand to her throat in a feigned spasm of grief-stricken choking , then lays it `` upon her heaving bosom '' with `` an unnatural fortitude of manner '' , and finally kisses it to Miss Havisham in a parody of the lady's own mannerism toward Estella .
We take leave of Pumblechook as he gloats over Pip's loss of fortune , extending his hand `` with a magnificently forgiving air '' and exhibiting `` the same fat five fingers '' , one of which he identifies with `` the finger of Providence '' and shakes at Pip in a canting imputation of the latter's `` ingratitoode '' and his own generosity as Pip's `` earliest benefactor '' .
Pip first learns `` the stupendous power of money '' from the sycophantic tailor , Mr. Trabb , whose brutality to his boy helper exactly matches the financial resource of each new customer , and whose fawning hands touch `` the outside of each elbow '' and `` rub '' Pip out of the shop .
The respectability which money confers implies a different etiquette , and , upon taking up the life of a London gentleman , Pip must learn from Herbert Pocket that `` the spoon is not generally used over-hand , but under '' .
The following items may be specified in actual or symbolic form in the operands of those instructions which refer to the particular items : channel , unit , combined channel and unit , combined arm and file , unit record synchronizers , inquiry synchronizers , and alteration switches .
When this is the case , the appropriate section of this manual will indicate that `` Continuation Cards '' may be used .
Thus , when specifically permitted , the operand of a given line on the Autocoder coding sheet may be continued in the operand of from one to four additional lines which immediately follow .
If a continuation card follows a statement that does not permit continuation cards , the compiler will generate a NOP and issue an error message .
The initial availability of index words and electronic switches is determined by a table which is included in the Compiler Systems Tape .
At the end of this pass , the table indicates which index words and electronic switches are not available for assignment to symbolic references .
The one- or two-digit number of the index word or electronic switch was used in the operand of a symbolic machine instruction to specify indexing or as a parameter which is always an index word or electronic switch , e.g. , 3 .
When the index words or electronic switches are reserved because of actual usage in the statements described above , the position or order of the statements within the program is not important ; ;
When such a reference is found , an actual address is assigned and the availability table is changed so that the assigned index word or switch is no longer available for later assignment .
by means of an origin statement which refers to an actual address , the corresponding index word will be reserved .
The preceding methods allow efficient use of index words and electronic switches during a sectionalized or multi-phase program , particularly when used in conjunction with the LITORIGIN statement .
Extreme caution should be used , however , to avoid the conflicting usage of an index word or electronic switch which may result from the assignment of more than one name or function to the same address .
If the symbolic name or actual address of an index word or electronic switch appears or is included in the operand of an XRELEASE or SRELEASE statement ( see page 101 ) , the specified index word or electronic switch will again be made available , regardless of the method by which it was reserved .
When so instructed , Autocoder will generate one or more RDWS and assign them successive locations immediately preceding the area with which they are to be associated .
An RDW will be of the form Af , where xxxx is the starting location of the area and yyyy is its ending location .
The DIOCS , DTF , and DUF statements are used when required by the Input/Output Control System .
The DUF also supplies the locations of subroutines written by the user that are unique to the file .
When the Input/Output Control System is to be used in a program , a DIOCS statement must be used to select the major methods of processing to be used .
When an actual index word or a symbolic address is specified , Autocoder will equate the name IOCSIXF to it .
When an actual index word or a symbolic address is specified , Autocoder will equate IOCSIXG to it .
The periods of high effluent BOD occurred during cold periods when operational problems with the aerator resulted .
The increase in oxygen uptake rates from 1.2 to 2.6 mg/l/hr which followed an increase in rotor speed was believed to be related to resuspension of solids which had settled at the lower rotor speeds .
This low BOD was due to removal of the excess suspended solids by sedimentation since the only dilution was surface runoff which was very low during this study .
When the temperature reached 32-degrees-F all protozoan activity ceased ; ;
An extended cold spell caused ice to build up on the aerator which was mounted on a floating platform and caused the entire platform to sink lower in the water .
During this study septic conditions developed in the oxidation pond in the spring when the ice melted .
Shortly after this study ended septic conditions resulted which required the addition of sodium nitrate .
Microscopic examination of the effluent showed that minimum BOD occurred when the algae began to decrease with cold weather .
When the algae began to build up again , the effluent BOD rose .
During the two weeks when the algae disappeared from the effluent BOD's in the effluent were 18 and 16 Aj .
These have sought more and more of what they have .
This is stated to emphasize the necessity for an over-all concept of submarine defense , one which would provide positions of relative importance to ASW elements based on projected potentialities .
Industry's main criticism of the Navy's antisubmarine effort is that it cannot determine where any one company or industry can apply its skills and know-how .
The result , coupled with the salesmanship for which American industry is famous , is considerable expenditure of funds and efforts in marginal areas .
An over-all concept will guide industry where available talents and facilities will yield greatest dividends .
That which follows will be a discussion of principles and possible content for an over-all concept of antisubmarine warfare .
Other countries which may willingly or unwillingly become Communist can furnish bases .
Destruction of the enemy's building and base complex , however , requires attacks on enemy territory , which is possible only in event of all-out hostilities .
The Communists are adept at utilizing hostilities short of general war and will do so whenever it is to their advantage .
Therefore , any measures taken in peacetime which will decrease force requirements in war will contribute greatly to success when hostilities occur .
Therefore , the sixth principle of the plan must be that it concentrate on current measures which will reduce future force requirements .
what was new yesterday is obsolescent today .
Intelligence , as used herein , will include information on possible opponents and on the environment which can affect operations .
The proponents are scientific and technical men who exercise considerable influence on their military counterparts .
Systems which detect submarines over wide areas are attractive , although they can be only `` burglar alarms '' .
Fixed installations will always lack the flexibility that should be inherent in naval systems .
Two metabolites ( 1 , and 2 ) ) of p-aminobenzoic acid ( PABA ) which act as cofactors for the hydroxylation of aniline by acid-fast bacteria are biosynthesized from Aj .
Metabolite 1 , isolated from the medium , however , showed a lower specific activity , which indicates endogenous synthesis of this metabolite .
and enzymes which terminate the action of peptides such as bradykinin and perhaps Substance Z were studied .
-- On the basis of a differentiability assumption in function space , it is possible to prove that , for materials having the property that the stress is given by a functional of the history of the deformation gradients , the classical theory of infinitesimal viscoelasticity is valid when the deformation has been infinitesimal for all times in the past .
In conformity with this conclusion a higher trace gallium content was found in the portion ( flange ) that has undergone a second melting .
When rapid quenching follows melting , impact glasses may result .
Limitations on the lengths of these sequences diminish the stability of the comparatively short crystallites which can be formed , and this is reflected in a broadening of the melting range .
-- Glycerinated muscle , in the presence of the physiological agent ( ATP ) responsible for delivering energy to the mechanochemically active proteins of muscle , has been shown to undergo a contraction which is highly sensitive both to temperature and to solvent composition in mixtures of alcohols and water .
In the new process impurities present in the solvent ( benzene ) , the monomer , and in the reaction system which would cause deactivation of propagation centers , are rendered inactive prior to polymerization by gradual addition of initiator , a mixture of butyl-lithium and telomeric styryl-lithium , at a temperature low enough to suppress chain growth .
Upon completion of the purging step , additional initiator appropriate for the molecular weight of the sample desired is added , and the system is then warmed to the polymerization temperature , at which the reaction is allowed to go to completion .
T. V. Barker , who developed the classification-angle system , was about to begin the systematic compilation of the index when he died in 1931 .
abstracts and other compilations on rare occasions when original papers are not available .
( The association of Wiley & Sons with the Dana Mineralogies dates back to 1844 when they published the second edition of the system .
`` The Groth Institute '' , which was established in 1958 , is a group activity affiliated with the Physics Department of The Pennsylvania State University , University Park , Pa. .
The Institute derives its name from Paul Von Groth's Chemische Krystallographie , a five-volume work which appeared between 1906 and 1919 .
Of special concern is the growth of bacteria such as Clostridium botulinum which generate poisonous products .
Enzymatic action in stored food produces changes which can adversely affect the appearance of food or its palatability .
The presence of parasitic organisms such as Trichinella spiralis in pork introduces another factor which must be dealt with in food processing .
The process of `` pasteurization '' involves milder and less prolonged heat treatment which accomplishes the destruction of most , but not all , of the microorganisms .
What are the possibilities of lowered radiation production costs for the future ? ?
Because agricultural activities are seasonal and the areas of production and harvest of many foods are widely scattered geographically , and because of the high cost of transporting bulk food items any substantial distance to a central processing location , the use of large central processing stations , where low-cost radiation facilities approaching the megawatt range might be utilized , is inherently impracticable .
Foods for rear stations , which require cooking , but no refrigeration , are also of interest .
Radiopasteurization , which produces fewer adverse sensory changes in food products , has potential usefulness in prolonging the keeping qualities of fresh and refrigerated food items .
When lamb and mutton are irradiated at substerilization doses , the meat becomes dehydrated , the fat becomes chalky , and , again , unnatural changes in color occur .
The instrument is shown in Fig. 1 and consists essentially of a hard , sharp , tungsten carbide knife which is pushed along the substrate to remove the coating .
The instrumental method , however , is about 100 times more sensitive and yields numerical results which can be accurately repeated at will over a period of time .
If a wedge-shaped coating of increasing thickness is removed from a substrate by an instrument like the Hesiometer with a knife of constant rake angle , a number of removal mechanisms are often observed which depend upon the thickness of the coating .
The typical appearance of these various mechanisms is illustrated in Figs. 2 , 3 , and 4 , which are single frame enlargements of high speed movies taken during the course of the knife removal process .
The pictures of Figs. 3 and 4 show the cracking and peeling types of removal where the coating is detached by failure in a region at , or close to , the interface between coating and substrate .
What then , are the factors that contribute to these phenomena ? ?
Why should the `` practical adhesion '' of a coating as assessed by a knife method change , initially increasing rather rapidly and then decreasing stepwise to very low values as the knife is forced through a coating of increasing thickness ? ?
The various forces result from the reaction of the removed paint chip against the face of the knife and along the shear plane , which makes an angle **yf with the substrate .
From Fig. 6 the relationship between these parameters can readily be derived and the cutting force is Af where **yl is the shear strength of the coating and is a parameter of the coatings material , W is the width of the removed coating and T is its thickness .
However , in the actual assessment of the cutting force by instrumental methods for any thickness of coating a number of spurious effects occur which must be taken into account and which make the measured value larger than the true cutting force indicated by eqn. ( 1 ) .
One of these is the fact that the knife employed , no matter how well sharpened , will have a slightly rounded cutting edge .
Because the rake angle Af at the tip of the knife is very much smaller ( or even negative ) when compared to the value of **yc for the major portion of the knife , a very rapid increase in cutting force with thickness will result .
This reduces to the relationship : Af , where Af is the intercept at zero thickness of the extrapolation of the slope indicated in eqn. ( 1 ) , Af is the thickness of the coating equivalent to the rounding off of the knife tip , Af is a straight line first approximation of this roundness , and the other symbols are equivalent to those of eqn. ( 1 ) .
A second factor which enters into the practical measurement of the instrumentally determined cutting force is the frictional resistance caused by the bottom of the knife against the substrate .
Under equilibrium conditions of cutting the chip exerts a thrust Af against the knife which tends to push it into the substrate or lift it away from the substrate depending on the vector direction of Af .
In the first picture ( 9a ) the knife is just beginning to advance into the inclined surface which was left from the previous chip formation .
Merchant has found that the same basic relationships which describe the geometry and force systems in the case of the cutting mechanism can also be applied to the discontinuous chip formation provided the proper values of instantaneous shear angle and instantaneous chip thickness or cross-sectional area are used .
And there are even newer foamed plastics that are yet to be evaluated .
It might be well to point out , however , some of the newer developments that have taken place within the past few months which might have a bearing on the future of the various foamed plastics involved .
In urethane foams , for example , there has been a definite trend toward the polyether-type materials ( which are now available in two-component rigid foam systems ) and the emphasis is definitely on one-shot molding .
Most manufacturers also seem to be concentrating on formulating fire-resistant or self-extinguishing grades of urethane foam that are aimed specifically at the burgeoning building markets .
Two other end-use areas which contributed to expandable styrene's growth during the year were packaging ( molded inserts replacing complicated cardboard units ) and foamed-core building panels .
Sandwich panels for building utility shelters that consist of kraft paper skins and rigid styrene foam cores also aroused interest in the construction field .
Several companies also saw possibilities in using the technique for extruding or molding vinyl products with a slight cellular core that would reduce costs yet would not affect physical properties of the end product to any great extent .
Readers interested in additional information on foams are referred to the Foamed Plastics Chart appearing in the Technical Data section and to the list of references which appears below .
Since the mid 1950s , when urethane foam first made its appearance in the American market , growth has been little short of fantastic .
The markets that have started to open up for the foam in the past year or so seem to justify the expectations .
The most important factor in determining what properties the end-product will have is quite naturally the type of hydroxyl-rich compound that is used in its production .
The polyether glycols are claimed to give flexible urethanes a spring-back action which is much desired in cushioning .
Graph in Fig. 1 , p. 392 , indicates how the ratio of compressive strength to density varies as the latter is increased or decreased .
In flexible urethane foams , we are referring to the range between the highest and lowest temperatures under which the materials' primary performance remains functionally useful .
Thermal conductivity is directly traceable to the material's porous , air-cell construction which effectively traps air or a gas in the maze of minute bubbles which form its composition .
Where flexural strength is an important factor , be sure that your urethane foam processor is aware of it .
Basically , the foam machines that produce such stock consist of two or more pumping units , a variable mixer , a nozzle carriage assembly , and , in many cases , a conveyor belt to transport and contain the liquid during the reaction process and until it solidifies into foam .
Profile cutting machines are available which can split foam to any desired thickness and produce sine , triangle , trapezoid , and other profiles in variable heights , dimensions , etc. .
Also available is a slitter which `` peels '' the inside of a folded block of foam and can be used to slit continuous sheets up to 300 yd. in length , down to 1/16 in. thick .
The low cost and ease of fabrication of the dies for three-dimensional foam cutting plus the wide variety of shapes , dimensions , and contours that can be tailor-made to customer requirements has made the technique useful for producing case liners , materials handling containers , packaging and cushioning devices , and such novelties as soap dishes , toys , head rests , arch supports , and gas pedal covers .
Simple systems are available that make it possible for urethane foam components to be poured , pumped , etc. , into a void where they foam up to fill the void .
When all of the rinse water has passed from the reservoir to the tubs the main drains are lowered to permit complete draining of the tubs .
The run is complete when all the water has drained off into the waste line .
By this procedure rinsing progresses in two stages , first by dilution until the time when the drains are separated and thereafter by displacement of the soil-bearing liquor by clean rinse water , since soiled liquor squeezed from the specimens at the nip passes directly to waste from the suds box drains .
This test method is intended for determining the dimensional changes of woven or knitted fabrics , made of fibers other than wool , to be expected when the cloth is subjected to laundering procedures commonly used in the commercial laundry and the home .
Three methods for determining the dimensional restorability characteristics are established for those textiles which require restoration by ironing or wearing after laundering .
The person using these tests must determine which combination of procedures is practical for any specific item in order to evaluate the dimensional changes of textile fabrics or garments after laundering procedures commonly used in the home or commercial laundry .
For example Test 3 , E 1 refers to a specimen which has been washed by procedure `` 3 ( '' ( at 160-degrees-F ) for a total of 60 minutes in the machine , has been dried in a tumble dryer by procedure `` E '' and has been subjected to restorative forces on the Tension Presser by procedure `` 1 '' .
A specimen or garment is washed in a cylindrical reversing wash wheel , dried and subjected to restorative forces where necessary .
The machine is equipped with a pipe for injecting live steam that is capable of raising the temperature of water at an eight-inch level from 110-degrees to 140-degrees-F ( 38*0 to 60*0C. ) in less than two minutes .
It is equipped with an outside water gauge that will indicate the level of the water in the wheel .
A domestic automatic washer that will give equivalent results may be used .
The movable clamps travel on carriages which ride the rails and are drawn by dead-weight loading .
Each pin is individually sprung to a tensioning member which is driven outwardly in the slot .
Fabrics that are badly distorted in their unlaundered state due to faulty finishing may give deceptive dimensional change results when laundered by any procedure .
The specimen of fabric is a rectangle at least 22 by 22 inches , except for cloth narrower than 22 inches , in which case the specimen is the entire width of the fabric .
When this water level has been reached , inject steam into the wheel until the temperature reaches that shown in Column B of Table 2 .
When this water level has been reached , inject steam until the temperature is that shown in Column Aj .
When this water level has been reached inject steam until the temperature is that shown in Column Aj .
High-gain , photoelectronic image intensification is applied under conditions of low incident light levels whenever the integration time required by a sensor or recording instrument exceeds the limits of practicability .
Furthermore , the thin film dynodes appear to have a natural diameter limitation wherever a mesh support cannot be tolerated .
An electrostatic system suffers generally from image plane curvature leading to defocusing in the peripheral image region if a flat viewing screen ( or interstage coupler ) is utilized , while a magnetic system requires accurate adjustment of the solenoid , which is heavy and bulky .
The tube design which forms the basis of the theoretical discussion shall be described now .
The photocathode sensitivities S , phosphor efficiencies P , and anode potentials V of the individual stages shall be distinguished by means of subscripts 1 , and 2 , in the text , where required .
The luminous efficiency Af of a photocathode depends on the maximum radiant sensitivity Af and on the spectral distribution of the incident light Af by the relation : Af where Af is normalized radiant photocathode sensitivity .
The numerical aperture of the fibers is given by : Af where Af .
For circular fibers in a closely packed hexagonal array , the packing efficiency is given by : Af where Af , and 0.906 is the ratio of the area of a circle to that of the circumscribed hexagon .
It is obvious that the careful choice of photocathode which maximizes Af for a given input E ( in the case of the second stage , for the first phosphor screen emission ) is very important .
An optimal policy is one which in some sense gets the best out of the process as a whole by maximizing the value of the product .
The specification of the objective function of which the optimization is desired .
the way in which the transformation of state depends on the operating variables for the main types of reactors is discussed in the next chapter .
The essential characteristic of an optimal policy when the state of the stream is transformed in a sequence of stages with no feedback was first isolated by Bellman .
He recognized that whatever transformation may be effected in the first stage of an R-stage process , the remaining stages must use an optimal Af-stage policy with respect to the state resulting from the first stage , if there is to be any chance of optimizing the complete process .
To see how important this economy is , let us suppose that there are M operating variables at each stage and that the state is specified by N variables ; ;
then the search for the maximum at any one stage will require a number of operations of order Af ( where a is some number not unreasonably large ) .
No optimism is more baseless than that which believes that the high speed of modern digital computers allows for use of the crudest of methods in searching out a result .
`` An optimal policy has the property that whatever the initial state and initial decision are , the remaining decisions must constitute an optimal policy with respect to the state resulting from the first decision '' .
This is the principle which we will invoke in every case to set up a functional equation .
It appears in a form that is admirably suited to the powers of the digital computer .
At the same time , every device that can be employed to reduce the number of variables is of the greatest value , and it is one of the attractive features of dynamic programming that room is left for ingenuity in using the special features of the problem to this end .
Each stage transforms the state Af of its feed to the state Af in a way that depends on the operating variables Af .
When the policy has been chosen , the state of the product can be obtained from the state of the feed by repeated application of the transformation ( 1 ) ; ;
The objective function , which is to be maximized , is some function , usually piecewise continuous , of the product state .
An optimal policy is an admissible policy Af which maximizes the objective function P .
Let Af where the maximization is over all admissible policies Af .
When it is necessary to be specific we say that the optimal policy is an optimal R-stage policy with respect to the feed state Af .
This is the feed state of the subsequent Af stages which , according to the principle of optimality , must use an optimal Af-stage policy with respect to this state .
This will result in a value Af of the objective function , and when Af is chosen correctly this will give Af , the maximum of the objective function .
Thus Af where the maximization is over all admissible policies Af , and Af is related to Af by ( 5 ) .
The sequence of equations ( 6 ) can be solved for Af when Af is known , and clearly Af , the maximization being over all admissible Af .
When Af has been found it may be transferred into the storage location of Af and the whole calculation repeated .
We also see how the results may be presented , although if n , the number of state variables , is large any tabulation will become cumbersome .
In the third column is given the optimal policy for stage R , and in the fourth , the resulting state of the stream when this policy is used .
It may be that the objective function depends not only on Af but also on Af , as when the cost of the operating policy is considered .
A form of objective function that we shall often have occasion to consider is Af .
The process in which the outcome of any one stage is known only statistically is also of interest , although for chemical reactor design it is not as important as the deterministic process .
For a single stage we may define Af where the maximization is by choice of Af .
We thus have an optimal policy which maximizes the expected value of the objective function for a given Af .
If we consider a process in which the outcome of one stage is known before passage to the next , then the principle of optimality shows that the policy in subsequent stages should be optimal with respect to the outcome of the first .
The discussion of the optimal policy when the outcome of one stage is not known before passing to the next is a very much more difficult matter .
We replace r , the number of the stage from the end of the process , by t , a continuous variable which measures the `` distance '' of the point considered from the end of the process .
it may in fact be the time that will elapse before the end of the process .
The restrained gyro-stabilized platform with reasonable response characteristics operates with an approximate equation of motion , neglecting transient effects , as follows : Af where U is a torque applied about the output axis of the controlling gyro .
The platform angle **yf is the angle about which the gyro is controlling .
Finally , when the accelerometer output is zero , the entire system remains stationary , and the platform is , by definition , leveled .
When the frequency response characteristics of practical components are considered , their effect on stability does not present the most serious limit on the system loop gain .
When the system is arranged for automatic leveling , the platform angles respond to any horizontal components of acceleration acting on the accelerometers .
The effect is that the platform returns from an off-level position at a rapid rate until it is nearly level , at which point the platform is controlled by a proportional servo with low enough frequency response so that the noise has little effect on the leveling process .
When the system is on automatic leveling , the gyro drift is canceled by the output of the leveling system ( amplifier Af ) .
The platform actually tilts off level so that the accelerometer output , when amplified by Af , will supply the correct current to the gyro torquer to cancel the gyro drift .
The sighting procedure includes the use of a fixture for the transit to project a beam of light , which is darkened by crossed hairs , on the accelerometer mirror .
When the platform is aligned , the reflected image of the crossed hairs can be seen exactly superimposed upon the original crossed hairs .
In many installations , the inertial platform is raised off the ground a considerable height when it is mounted in the vehicle before flight .
If the drift error is systematic , it can be canceled with a bias circuit which can be arranged and adjusted to supply the required compensating current .
It is possible to locate an angular electrical pickoff , which will indicate the angular deviation between the true heading direction and the platform .
Gyrocompass alignment is an automatic heading system which depends upon the characteristic of one gyro to establish true heading .
For the case of a purely inertial autonavigator consisting of three restrained gyros , a coordinate system is used where the sensitive axis of the X accelerometer is parallel to the east-west direction at the base point , and the Y accelerometer sensitive axis is parallel to the north-south direction at the base point .
The input axis of the X gyro , when pointing in the east-west direction , is always perpendicular to the spin axis of earth .
When the platform is level , **ye is a rotation about the Z axis of the platform Af .
He was discharged from the hospital after a two-day checkup and he and his parents had what Mr. McKinley described as a `` celebration lunch '' at the cafeteria on the campus .
Teachers -- men who wore brown suits and had gray hair and pleasant smiles -- came to their table to talk shop and to be introduced to Scotty and Rachel .
`` I can fix him something later in the afternoon when we get home '' .
His hands , which had been as quick as a pair of fluttering birds , were now neither active nor really relaxed .
Altogether he had , since the seizure , the appearance of a boy who overindulged in food and took no exercise .
Virginia and Rachel talked to each other quietly now , as allies who are political rather than natural might in a war atmosphere .
He ate what he felt like , slept as much or as little as he pleased , and moved about the draughty rooms of the house , when he was not in bed , with slow , dubious steps , like an elderly tourist in a cathedral .
When he was asked a question or addressed in such a way that some response was inescapable , he would answer ; ;
He had not even thought about her much except once or twice at night in bed when his slowly ranging thoughts would abruptly , almost accidentally , encounter her .
it was like the bandaged wound on the back of his head which occasionally throbbed ; ;
He had noticed how formal and irritably exact Rachel had grown .
After a pause , during which he studied Scotty's face as if Scotty were not there and could not study him too , Mr. McKinley would ask the same questions he had asked downstairs .
he felt he was noting it , as if it were something he might think about when he grew stronger .
Where their sharp edges seemed restless as sea waves thrusting themselves upward in angry motion , Papa-san sat glacier-like , his smooth solidity , his very immobility defying all the turmoil about him .
Between the ponderous hulk and himself , in the valley over which Papa-san reigned , men had hidden high explosives , booby traps , and mines .
Who would clean up the mess when the war was over ? ?
Was this what he had expected ? ?
Somehow he had forgotten what he must have been told , that combat was an intermittent activity .
There were ten men on the patrol which Sergeant Prevot led out that next night .
Others carried extra clips for the Browning Automatic Rifle , which was in the hands of a little Mexican named Martinez .
Remember what I said about going out to get anybody left behind ? ?
Prevot had said that the searchlights would be bounced off the clouds at 2230 hours , `` which gives us time to get settled in position '' .
He could also hear the stream which he had seen from his position .
Soon they were picking their way along the edge of the stream which glowed in the night .
Clumps of brush that they passed were so many enchained demons straining in anger to tear and gnaw on his bones .
Warren thought of all the men out that night who , like himself , had left their protective ridge and -- fear working at their guts -- picked their way into the area beyond .
From the east to the west coast of the Korean peninsula was a strip of land in which fear-filled men were at that same moment furtively crawling through the night , sitting in sweaty anticipation of any movement or sound , or shouting amidst confused rifle flashes and muzzle blasts .
Warren eased his rifle's safety off and gently , slowly sneaked another clip of ammunition from one of the cloth bandoleers that marked the upper part of his body with an Aj .
in the distance he saw a band of men who seemed to advance and retreat even as he watched .
Then the figures which held his attention became a group of shattered trees , standing like the grotesques of a medieval damnation scene .
They were poems in a strange language , of which he could barely touch a meaning -- enough to make his being ache with the desire for the fullness he sensed there .
Brittany , that stone-gray mystery through which he traveled for thirty days , sleeping in the barns of farmers or alongside roads , had worked some subtle change in him , he knew , and it was in Brittany that he had met Pierre .
Cried the guard who ran from the hut to shout to other men standing about outside .
I think , too '' , he said , his dark eyes mischievous , `` that you will find there some clue to the secret of the cathedrals about which you have spoken '' .
The monk who opened the door immediately calmed his worries about his reception : `` I speak English '' , the old man said , `` but I do not hear it very well '' .
Hanging over the bar was an oil painting of a nude Al had accepted from a student at the Corcoran Gallery who needed to eat and drink and was broke .
This was one place where Moonan could go for a drink in a back booth without anyone noticing him , or at least coming up and hanging around and wanting to know all the low-down .
She was the widow of a writer who had died in an airplane crash , and Mickie had found her a job as head of the historical section of the Treasury .
A romantic is one who thinks the world is divinely inspired and all he has to do is find the right key , and then divine justice and altruism will appear .
You know what I'm talking about .
`` But when it comes to war , the Colonel knows what it is and Jeff doesn't .
Mr. Christiansen knows that a soldier will get the Distinguished Service Medal for conduct that would land him in prison for life or the electric chair as a civilian .
He was a wiry , inscrutable , silent country boy from the red clay of rural Alabama , and he spoke with the broad drawl that others normally make fun of .
I heard of some that tried it back in the States , and he'd knock them clear across the room .
This is why he made such a magnificent soldier .
He wasn't troubled with the ordinary , rank-and-file fear that overcomes and paralyzes and sends individual soldiers and whole companies under fire running in panic .
When we got there , Trig and the Negro were quarreling over possession of a gold crucifix around the neck of a wounded Filipino .
We don't 'low nigras to walk on the same sidewalk with white men where I come from .
`` What did the Colonel do about the men '' ? ?
So you see Mr. Christiansen knows what it's all about .
When he was in the war , he was in Law or Supplies or something like that , and an old buddy of his told me he would come down on Sundays to the Pentagon and read the citations for medals -- just like the one we sent in for Trig -- and go away with a real glow .
He thought how this dainty , fragile older woman threading her way through the streets of Westminster on a day in June , enjoying the flowers in the shops , the greetings from old friends , but never really drawing a deep , passionate breath , was so like himself .
He , and Mrs. Dalloway , too , had never permitted themselves the luxury of joys that dug into the bone marrow of the spirit .
At any cost , he must leave the dreary Pennsylvania mining town where his father was a pharmacist .
He must mentally pull the blinds and close the window , so that all that existed was in the books before him .
The only one who would have him was his cripple , the strange unhappy woman who became his wife .
If he had had a son , he would tell him , `` Gather ye rosebuds while ye may This same flower that smiles today tomorrow will be dying '' .
When you disliked or distrusted a man , you should have a reason .
How did you find out about this '' ? ?
The Secretary did not tell him at what cost , at what loneliness , he learned these things .
The Vice President said , `` If you hear of any names that would fix me cheap in return for advertising they decorated the Vice President's home , let me know .
Boxell looked at Lawrence with a searching glance , the kind that a prosecuting attorney would give a man on trial .
What are your weaknesses ? ?
Where will you break ? ?
How best to destroy your peace ? ?
The Vice President said with a slight bluster , `` There isn't anyone who loves the President more than I do .
What does a monk know about sex '' ? ?
You see what I mean .
This is why I say we just can't go ahead and disarm the Germans and pull down our own defenses .
Let me tell you what happened to me today .
I've got a quarter of a million Germans in my state , and those krautheads tune in on Father Werther every night , and if he tells them to go out and piss in the public square , that's what they do .
But Sojourner was not easily excited or upset and said quite calmly : `` Let's go and see what it's like '' .
But it had , as was usual in southern cities of this sort , a Black Bottom , a low region near the river where the Negroes lived -- servants and laborers huddled together in a region with no sewage save the river , where streets and sidewalks were neglected and where there was much poverty and crime .
the rather pleasant white city was on the hill where the chief stores were .
For the old preacher who had been there twenty-five years was dead , and the city mourned him .
He was stern and overbearing with his flock , but obsequious and conciliatory with the whites , especially the rich who partly supported the church .
And then the Amen corner took hold , re-enacting a form of group participation in worship that stemmed from years before the Greek chorus , spreading down through the African forest , overseas to the West Indies , and then here in Alabama .
With shout and slow dance , with tears and song , with scream and contortion , the corner group was beset by hysteria and shivering , wailing , shouting , possession of something that seemed like an alien and outside force .
It spread to most of the audience and was often viewed by visiting whites who snickered behind handkerchief and afterward discussed Negro religion .
To most of those who composed the Amen corner it was a magnificent and beautiful experience , something for which they lived from week to week .
He had preached a short sermon , trying to talk man-to-man to the audience , to tell them who he was , what he had done in Macon and Birmingham , and what he proposed to do here .
At the very end , when the audience was silent and breathless , a collection was taken and then slowly everyone filed out .
The audience did not think much of the new pastor , and what the new pastor thought of the audience he did not dare at the time to say .
It was arranged that he would board in the home of one of the old members of the church , a woman named Catt who , as Wilson afterward found , was briefly referred to as The Cat because of her sharp tongue and fierce initiative .
She soared over the new pastor like an avenging angel lest he stray from the path and not know all the truth and gossip of which she was chief repository .
Wilson made up his mind that he must receive at least $2,500 , but when he mentioned this to the Deacons they said nothing .
There were two liquor saloons not very far from the church , one white , that is conducted for white people with a side entrance for Negroes ; ;
Wilson was told that it was a sort of hotel for white people , which seemed to him rather queer .
Why should a white hotel be set down in the center of Black Bottom ? ?
He was not sure what kind of a man he had in hand .
But there was one thing that he had to stress , and that was that the contribution to the general church expenses , the dollar money , had been seriously falling behind in this church , and that must be looked after immediately .
The bank which held the mortgage on the old church declared that the interest was considerably in arrears , and the real estate people said flatly that the land across the river was being held for an eventual development for white working people who were coming in , and that none would be sold to colored folk .
When it was proposed to rebuild the church , Wilson found that the terms for a new mortgage were very high .
But when this proposal was made to his Deacon Board , he met unanimous opposition .
Wilson again went downtown to a different banker , an intelligent young white man who seemed rather sympathetic , but he shook his head .
Don't you see the amount of money that has been invested by whites around that church ? ?
When a city has arranged things like this you cannot easily change them .
Then Wilson asked , `` What about this Kent House which you mention ? ?
I don't understand why a white hotel should be down here '' .
She said , `` My dear , do you know what Kent House is '' ? ?
What is it '' ? ?
This , of course , was the sort of thing that used to take place in Southern cities -- putting white houses of prostitution with colored girls in colored neighborhoods and carrying them on openly .
There was a fog , which increased the darkness of the night .
The idea had come from Herold , who had once been a chemist's clerk .
Before Payne loomed the Old Clubhouse , Seward's home , where Key had once been killed .
He had no idea where Seward's room would be .
He explained his errand , but without bothering much to make it plausible , for he felt something well up in him which was the reason why he had fled the army .
He did not really want to kill , but as in the sexual act , there was a moment when the impulse took over and could not be downed , even while you watched yourself giving way to it .
He smiled , but now that he knew where the elder Seward was , he did not intend to go .
It was the first blow that was always difficult .
He was merely clearing a way to what he had to do .
He saw only dimly moving figures , but when he slashed them they yelled and fled .
He went for the bed , jumped on it , and struck where he could , repeatedly .
When the knife went into his chest , he went down at once .
He had no idea where he was .
he knew he should get to Cap , but he didn't know how .
On a stage he always knew what to do , and tonight , to judge by the applause , he must be doing it better than usual .
As Sir Giles Overreach ( how often had he had to play that part , who did not believe a word of it ) , he raised his arm and declaimed : `` Where is my honour now '' ? ?
If he had any worries , it was only the small ones , about Mother in New York , and his daughter Edwina and what she might be doing at this hour , with her Aunt Asia , in Philadelphia .
Everyone is ambivalent about his profession , if he has practised it long enough , but there were still moments when he loved the stage and all those unseen people out there , who might cheer you or boo you , but that was largely , though not entirely , up to you .
Since she could not act , one part suited her as well as any other , and so she was the first person to offer Mr. Lincoln a glass of water , holding it up to the box , high above her head , to Miss Harris , who had asked for it .
That was when the gun went off .
They had not heard what had been said .
There was something maimed and crazy about its motion that disturbed them .
It was what anyone who had ever seen her had always expected her to do .
When something unexpected happened , one always asked for water if one were a woman , brandy if one were a man .
In the audience a man named Ferguson lost his head and tried to rescue a little girl from the mob , on the same principle which had led Miss Harris to demand water .
The clock which had struck presented an innocent face .
The Catholics had the largest cemetery , near the Neversink River where Main Street ran south ; ;
Stevie whistled when he passed these alien grounds .
Somewhere , beyond , where shadows lurked , must be the yawning pit of which Papa preached and the dreadful Lake of Fire .
So , walking in awe , he became familiar with God , who resided chiefly in Drew Centennial Church with its high steeple and clock .
There was no church like Drew Church , no preacher like Papa , who was intimate with Him , and could consign sinners to hellfire .
The veterans , idling on their benches in the Square , beneath the soldiers' monument , got to their feet when Papa approached : `` Morning , Reverend '' ! !
When Papa went out to do God's work , Stevie often accompanied him in the buggy , which was drawn by Violet , the new black mare .
Although they journeyed westerly as far as Germantown , beyond the Erie roundhouse and the machine shop , and along the Delaware and Hudson Canal , and northward to Brooklyn , below Point Peter , he could see the church spire wherever he looked back .
South of Laurel Grove Cemetery , and below the junction of the Neversink and the Delaware , was the Tri-State Rock , from which Stevie could spy New Jersey and Pennsylvania , as well as New York , simply by spinning around on his heel .
On these excursions , Papa instructed him on man's chief end , which was his duty to God and his own salvation .
Where Cuddleback Brook purled into the Neversink was a magnificent swimming hole .
it troubled him that he couldn't always see what Papa saw .
`` Where you been today '' ? ?
When Papa's slender fingers removed the spectacles , there were red indentations on the bridge of the strong nose .
Burt was at Hackettstown and Will at Albany Law School , where they surely could not hear it .
Yet how might he know the Call when it came ? ?
What if it came when he was playing , or was asleep and dreaming ? ?
When the skies grew dark and thunder rolled across the valley , he was unafraid .
When the sun came out , Stevie strode proudly into Orange Square , smiling like a landlord on industrious tenants .
No one told on Ludie , not even when he slipped live grasshoppers into the mite-box .
He crossed the tracks to Delaware House , where ladies in gay dresses and men in straw boaters and waxed mustaches crowded the verandah .
`` P. J. '' -- as Ludie called the town -- was crowded with summer people who came to the mountains to escape the heat in the big cities .
That's how it should be .
Oh how they bounced ! !
Man , how I love nigger pussy ! !
He thought of Joe Harris , the nigger who had gone after his sister .
What I have to put up with ! !
Sonuvabitch , I can't figure out what in hell for they went and put niggers in my squad for .
The big shock everybody had when they found ol Slater and those others done for .
He had been pretty scared himself , wondering what the hell was coming off .
But he soon saw which way the ball was bouncing .
`` I told him '' , he said aloud They'll get the guys that done it .
They'll get the guys that done it .
His eyes blinked hard , snapping on and squashing some bad things that were trying to push their way into him .
It always came on , faithfully , just like a radio or juke box , whenever he started to worry too much about something , when the bad things tried to push their way into him .
He glowed with anticipation about what would happen to the culprits when they caught them .
Turn the bastards over to me -- to me and my boys -- no nigger ever got what would be comin to them -- reactionary bastards .
It was a word he was proud of , a word that meant much to him , and he used it with great pleasure , almost as if it were an exclusive possession , and more : he sensed himself to be very highly educated , four cuts above any of the folks back home .
He used it very effectively when he wanted to get his squad on the ball .
When I talked to Ching about it , he said , Everyone can learn , if he is not a Reactionary or lazy .
That's what he said .
How he loathed him .
He was the guy what always goofed at Question Time .
Why couldn't they have dumped him off on someone else ? ?
Why me ? ?
Why didn't the damn Reactionaries bump him off ? ?
Why Slater ? ?
Like a particle drawn to a magnet he returned to that which was pressing so hard in his mind .
Who is the man to take His place ? ?
Somebody , got to be somebody If I don't put my two cents in soon , somebody else will I know they're waitin only for one thing : for the bastards what done it to be nailed .
You can do anything with these dumb fucks if you know how .
He whirled around , suddenly hot all over , finding the man who had been standing before him a few moments back , nailing him to the spot on which he now stood , open-mouthed .
He looked for the source of the noise that had awakened him .
What the hell was he up to now ? ?
Why didn't he drop dead ? ?
How did they miss him when they got Slater ? ?
How ? ?
Then he was asking himself the usual early morning questions : What the Hell am I doin here ? ?
`` How long did you study ? ?
How long , buddy '' ? ?
Who did ? ?
Why don't Uncle Sam mind his own fucken business ? ?
He was sitting on top of a log which was spinning round and around in the water .
A river , wide as the Missouri , where it ran by his place .
So what ? ?
Why should I be spinning just because the goddamn log is spinning ? ?
He couldn't make out what he was saying .
Why should he be concerned ? ?
But while the two men are riding into the country , where they are going to dinner , they are attacked in the dark of the forest by a band of thieves , who strip them of everything , including most of their clothes .
`` At what university did you study '' ? ?
The chief , annoyed by these questions , knocks Voltaire down and shouts at him that he not only never went to any school , but never even learned how to read .
When finally the two bedraggled men reach their friend's home , Voltaire's fears are once again aroused .
How cruel ! !
But at the same time how understandable .
How could the rich , for whom life was made so simple , ever understand the subterfuges , the lies , the frauds , the errors , sins and even crimes to which the poor were driven in their efforts to overcome the great advantages the rich had in the race of life ? ?
How , for example , could a Voltaire understand the strange predicament in which a Rousseau would find himself when , soon after the furor of his first Discourse , he acquired still another title to fame ? ?
But then one day , while on a week's visit to the country home of a retired Swiss jeweler , Rousseau amused the company with a few little melodies he had written , to which he attached no great importance .
That after all his years of effort to become a composer , he should now , now when he was still stoutly replying to the critics of his Discourse on the Arts and Sciences , be so close to a success in music and have to reject it .
But what else could he do ? ?
For it was Rameau's type of music that he had been trying to write , and that he couldn't write .
These little songs , however , were sweet nothings from the heart , tender memories of his childhood , little melodies that anyone could hum and that would make one want to weep .
And everyone went to work to learn the parts which he wrote .
The ladies especially couldn't understand what troubled him .
Bah , what was a contradiction in one's life ? ?
Every woman has had the experience of saying no when she meant yes , and saying yes when she meant no .
Rousseau had to admit that though he couldn't agree to a public performance , he would indeed , just for his own private satisfaction , dearly love to know how his work would sound when done by professional musicians and by trained voices .
The musicians of the Royal Opera would not rehearse a work merely to see how it would sound .
Duclos understood what was bothering Rousseau : that the writer of the Prosopopoeia of Fabricius should now become known as the writer of an amusing little operetta .
But now what crazy twists and turns of his emotions ! !
Afraid at one and the same time that his work might be turned down -- which would be a blow to his pride even though no one knew he was the author -- and that the work would be accepted , and then that his violent feelings in the matter would certainly betray how deeply concerned he was in spite of himself .
And how anxious this lover of obscurity was for applause ! !
All these emotions were screwed up to new heights when , after acceptance and the first rehearsals , there ensued such a buzz of excitement among Parisian music lovers that Duclos had to come running to Rousseau to inform him that the news had reached the superintendent of the King's amusements , and that he was now demanding that the work be offered first at the royal summer palace of Fontainebleau .
`` What was your answer '' ? ?
`` What else could I do ? ?
How infuriating all this was ! !
Why had not this success come to him before he had plunged into his Discourse , and before he had committed himself to a life of austerity and denial ? ?
Now , when everything was opening up to him -- even the court of Louis 15 ! !
And of course the news of who the composer was did finally begin to get around among his closest friends .
How titillating it was to go among people who did not know him as the composer , but who talked in the most glowing terms of the promise of the piece after having heard the first rehearsals .
The furor was such that people who could not possibly have squirmed their way into the rehearsals were pretending that they were intimate with the whole affair and that it would be sensational .
And that was why , on the day of the performance , when a carriage from the royal stables called to take him to the palace , he did not bother to shave .
Seeing him in that condition , and about to enter the hall where the King , the Queen , the whole royal family and all the members of the highest aristocracy would be present , Grimm and the Abbe Raynal and others tried to stop him .
`` Why not '' ? ?
`` Who is going to stop me '' ? ?
`` What is slovenly about me '' ? ?
I have observed that being up on a horse changes the whole character of a man , and when a very small man is up on a saddle , he'd like as not prefer to eat his meals there .
The last thing in the world that resembled a war was our line of farmers and storekeepers and mechanics perched on top of a stone wall , and this dashing rider made us feel a good deal sharper and more alert to the situation .
I have heard people talk with contempt about the British regulars , but that only proves that a lot of people talk about things of which they are deplorably ignorant .
Whatever we felt about the redcoats , we respected them in terms of their trade , which was killing ; ;
and I know that I , myself , was nauseated with apprehension and fear and that my hands were soaking wet where they held my gun .
The gunfire , which was so near that it seemed just a piece up the road now , stopped for long enough to count to twenty ; ;
I don't know whether he was after our rider , who had gone by a minute before , or whether he was simply scouting conditions ; ;
but when he passed us by , a musket roared , and he reared his horse , swung it around , and began to whip it back in the direction from which he had come .
for what had happened on the common was only terror and flight ; ;
but this grinning , broken head , not ten feet away from me , was the sharp definition of what my reality had become .
the passage and rhythm of time changed , and when I remember back to what happened then , each event is a separate and frozen incident .
A voice called , and what made it even more terrible and unreal was that the redcoat ranks never paused for an instant , only some of them glancing toward the stone wall , from behind which the voice came .
The front of their column had already passed us , when another officer came riding down the side of the road , not five paces from where we were .
the next a headless horror on a horse that bolted through the redcoat ranks , and during the next second or two , we all of us fired into the suddenly disorganized column of soldiers .
the next , a cloud of gun smoke covered a screaming fury of sound , out of which the redcoat soldiers emerged with their bayonets and their cursing fury .
A dozen cows mooed sadly and regarded us as if we were insane , as perhaps we were at that moment , with the crazy excitement of our first encounter , the yelling and shooting still continuing up at the road , and the thirst of some of the men , which was so great that they waded into the muddy water and scooped up handfuls of it .
I was drunk with excitement and the smell of gunpowder that came floating down from the road , and the fact that I was not afraid now , but only waiting to know what to do next .
We were less than a quarter of a mile from the road , and we could trace its shape from the ribbon of powder smoke and dust that hung over it .
Wherever you looked , you saw Committeemen running across the meadows , some away from the road , some toward it , some parallel to it ; ;
I didn't offer any advice , but I certainly did not want to go back to where the officer lay with his brains dashed out .
but Cousin Simmons said he had watched them marching west early in the morning , and moving at a much brisker pace it had still taken half an hour for their column to pass , what with the narrowness of the road and their baggage and ammunition carts .
It was the opinion of some of us that these must be part of the Committeemen who had been in the Battle of the North Bridge , which entitled them to a sort of veteran status , and we felt that if they employed this tactic , it was likely enough the best one .
I went off with Cousin Simmons , who maintained that if he didn't see to me , he didn't know who would .
`` Good heavens , Adam '' , he said , `` I thought one thing you'd have no trouble learning is when to get out of a place '' .
There was a clump of trees that appeared to provide cover right up to the road , and the shouting and gunfire never slackened .
Under the trees , there was a dead redcoat , a young boy with a pasty white skin and a face full of pimples , who had taken a rifle ball directly between the eyes .
`` God's name , what are you to rob the dead with the fight going on '' ! !
In defiance , a chinless reprobate , Jake Camaret , marched down the aisle in St. Peter's one Sunday morning , followed by one of the women from the Bordel , whose dress and walk plainly showed the lack of any shame .
`` That is the answer the ungodly will always make when the Church points its fingers at their sins .
`` What Master Calvin says is true .
How can we have a good city unless we respect morality '' ? ?
It would be well to show the populace how we deal with adulterers '' .
`` There can be no compromise when souls are in jeopardy '' .
Before them stalked the beadle , proclaiming as he went , `` Thus the Council deals with those who break its laws -- adulterers , thieves , murderers , and lewd persons .
John closed his eyes and saw once again the little niche in his mother's bedroom , where she had knelt to tell the good Virgin of her needs .
Unless God expected a man to believe the Holy Scriptures , why had He given them to him ? ?
How grateful he was to such men ! !
There were several on the Council who tried to live like Christians .
`` How long , my Lord ? ?
How long ? ?
Loneliness tore through him like a physical pain whenever he thought of Peter Robert , Nerien , Nicholas Cop , Martin Bucer , and even the compromising Louis Du Tillet .
An occasional traveler from Italy brought news of Peter Robert , who was now distributing his Bible among the Waldensian peasants .
Geneva , instead of becoming the City of God , as John had dreamed , had in the two years since he had been there , continued to be a godless place where all manner of vice flourished .
Catholics who were truly Christians longed for the simple penance of days gone by .
Why , oh why , doesn't he stick to preaching the Gospel , instead of meddling in civic affairs , politics , economics , and social issues that are no concern of the Church '' ? ?
And John's reply was always the same : `` Anything that affects souls is the concern of the Church ! !
What is he doing here at this hour ? ?
He started down the steps to meet the near-blind preacher , who had been one of the early Gospelers in Paris .
What now ? ?
Slowly , like a man grown old , he took Eli's hand and led him below to the tower study , guiding him to a chair beside the little hearth where a fire still burned .
`` What will be the subject '' ? ?
`` You are to be accused of Arianism to confuse the religious who remain loyal '' .
Those who refused to believe that He was the eternal Son of God were termed Arianists .
`` What was your reply to that '' ? ?
When he felt the side of his head , his fingers came away covered with blood .
Standing in the shelter of the tent -- a rejected hospital tent on which the rain now dripped , no longer drumming -- Adam watched his own hands touch the objects on the improvised counter of boards laid across two beer barrels .
A quarter inch this way or that for the hardbake , or the toffee , or the barley sugar , or the sardines , or the bitters , or the condensed milk , or the stationery , or the needles -- what could it mean ? ?
Adam watched his own hands make the caressing , anxious movement that , when rain falls and nobody comes , and ruin draws close like a cat rubbing against the ankles , has been the ritual of stall vendors , forever .
On such occasions he had not had the courage to look at the face above the hand , whatever face it might be .
He wondered what expression , as he made that gesture , was on his face .
Then why was he assuming the role -- the gesture and the suffering ? ?
What was he expiating ? ?
When they stood about his tent , chaffing each other , exchanging their obscenities , cursing command or weather , he had studied their faces .
He had had the need to understand what life lurked behind the mask of flesh , behind the oath , the banter , the sadness .
Once covertly looking at Simms Purdew , the only man in the world whom he hated , he had seen the heavy , slack , bestubbled jaw open and close to emit the cruel , obscene banter , and had seen the pale-blue eyes go watery with whisky and merriment , and suddenly he was not seeing the face of that vile creature .
If Simms Purdew would turn to him and say : `` Adam , you know when I was a boy , it was a funny thing happened .
If only Simms Purdew could do that , whatever the thing he remembered and told .
The head was wrapped in a turban and on top of the turban rode a great hamper across which a piece of poncho had been flung .
This was one of the Irish women who had built their own huts down near the river .
He recognized her because she was the one who , in a winter twilight , on the edge of camp , had once stopped him and reached down her hand to touch his fly .
When he had stored his stock in the great oak chest , locked the two big hasps and secured the additional chain , tied the fly of the tent , and picked up the cash box , he moved up the darkening street .
Then what ? ?
He was standing there , he thought , in Virginia , in the thickening dusk , in a costly greatcoat that had belonged to another Jew .
He had crossed the river which now , beyond the woods yonder , was sliding darkly under the mist .
What had that man , that other young Jew , felt as he stood in the twilight and heard other men , far away , singing together ? ?
He thought of Simms Purdew , who once had risen at the edge of a cornfield , a maniacal scream on his lips , and swung a clubbed musket like a flail to beat down the swirl of Rebel bayonets about him .
They did not know who they were or know their own worth .
And look what he done give us '' .
`` What is it '' ? ?
That po'k , it was so full of skippers it would jump and run and not come when you say , hoo-pig .
`` Know what Ole Buckra et tonight '' ? ?
`` Know what I had to fix fer Ole Him '' ? ?
One soft evening -- that marvelous sea-blessed time when the sun's departing warmth lingers and a smell of spume and wrack haunts everything -- Amy had picked herself off the floor and begun to walk .
Some liar's logic , a wisp of optimism as fragile as the scent of tropical blossoms that came through the window ( a euphoria perhaps engendered by the pill Fritzie had given her ) , consoled her for a moment .
Amy had to be safe , had to come back to them -- if only to reap that share of life's experiences that were her due , if only to give her parents another chance to do better by her .
The comfort was short-lived , yet she found herself returning to the assurance whenever her imagination forced images on her too awful to contemplate without the prop of illusion .
Gazing at her husband's drugged body , his chest rising and falling in mindless rhythms , she saw the grandeur of his fictional world , that lush garden from which he plucked flowers and herbs .
The night before , they had telephoned the Andrus maid , Selena Masters , and she had arrived early , bursting her vigorous presence into the silent house with an assurance that amused McFeeley and confounded Moll .
She was the only kind of Negro Laura Andrus would want around : independent , unservile , probably charging double what ordinary maids did for housework -- and doubly efficient .
When the parents emerged from the bedroom a few minutes later , the maid greeted them quietly .
`` Didn't occur to me my child would be kidnaped when I had it listed '' , Andrus muttered .
Sipping their coffee , discussing the weather , the day's shopping , Fritzie's commitments at the network ( all of which he would cancel ) , they avoided the radio , the morning TV news show , even the front page of the Santa Luisa Register , resting on the kitchen bar .
When the detective left , Andrus phoned his secretary to cancel his work and to advise the network to get a substitute director for his current project .
He did not see Sparling , or DeGroot , or Ringel , or any of the feverish crew that had so harassed him twelve hours ago .
When McFeeley was halfway to the door , the proprietor emerged -- a mountainous , dark man , his head thick with resiny black hair , his eyes like two of the black olives he imported in boatloads .
Inside , as soon as Mr. Skopas had disclosed -- in a hoarse whisper -- the detective's errand , his family gathered in a huddle , forming a mass of dark flesh on and around a brocaded sofa which stood at one side of a baroque fireplace .
It was amazing how they had herded together for protection : an enormous matriarch in a quilted silk wrapper , rising from the breakfast table ; ;
They answered him in monosyllables , nods , occasionally muttering in Greek to one another , awaiting the word from Papa , who restlessly cracked his knuckles , anxious to stuff himself into his white Cadillac and burst off to the freeway .
The Skopas people seemed to him of that breed of human beings whose insularity frees them from tragedy .
He imagined they were the kind whose tax returns were never examined ( if they were , they were never penalized ) , whose children had no unhappy romances , whose names never knew scandal .
Their names had not come up in any discussions with Laura , and he had no idea what they would be like .
When Joe identified himself , he nodded , unsmiling , and ushered him into a sedate living room .
`` Funny thing '' , Mr. Kahler said , when they were seated , `` when I heard you ringing , I figured it was that guy down the block , Hausman '' .
Mr. Kahler went on to explain how Hausman's fox terrier had been `` making '' in his flower beds .
He would lay in wait in the garage , and when the terrier came scratching around , he'd let fly with a cherry bomb .
`` Finally , all I needed was to throw a little piece of red wood that looked like a firecracker and that dumb dog would run ki-yi-ing for his life '' .
In their search for what turned out to be the right breakfast china but the wrong table silver , they opened every cupboard door in the kitchen and pantry .
`` Le petit dejeuner '' , Harold said , in an accent that did credit to Miss Sloan , his high-school French teacher .
At the same time , his voice betrayed uncertainty about their being here , and conveyed an appeal to whatever is reasonable , peace-loving , and dependable in everybody .
Eugene was not entirely silent , or openly rude -- unless asking Harold to move to another chair and placing himself in the fauteuil that creaked so alarmingly was an act of rudeness .
Harold indicated the photograph on the wall and asked what church the stone sculpture was in .
Eugene offered Harold his car , to use at any time he cared to , and when this offer was not accepted , the armchair creaked .
Eugene was in his pajamas and dressing gown , and on his large feet he wore yellow Turkish slippers that turned up at the toes .
He realized that he had no idea where the telephone was .
Between the telephone and the wall plug there was sixty feet of cord , and when the conversation came to an end , Eugene carried the instrument with him the whole length of the apartment , to his bathroom , where it rang three more times while he was shaving and in the tub .
When enough time had elapsed so that there was little likelihood of his returning for something he had forgotten , Harold went out into the hall and stood looking into one room after another .
Then came their bathroom , and then a bedroom that , judging by the photographs on the walls , must belong to Mme Cestre .
A young woman who looked like Alix , with her two children .
Matching photographs in oval frames of Mme Bonenfant and an elderly man who must be Alix's grandfather .
And a gray-haired man whose glance -- direct , lifelike , and mildly accusing -- was contradicted by the gilt and black frame .
It was the kind of frame that is only put around the photograph of a dead person .
One of the drawing-room shutters was partly open and he made out the shapes of chairs and sofas , which seemed to be upholstered in brown or russet velvet .
The apex , the study where Eugene slept , was light and bright and airy and cheerful .
The window looked out on the Place Redoute -- it was the only window of the apartment that did .
He waited until they were inside the elevator and then said : `` Now what do we do '' ? ?
it took them over an hour to get back to the station where they should have changed , in order to take the line that went to the Place Redoute .
It was the end of the afternoon when he took the huge key out of his pocket and inserted it into the keyhole .
When he opened the door , there stood Eugene , on his way out of the apartment .
He did not explain where he was going , and they did not ask .
When they got home Harold was grateful for the stillness in the apartment , and thought how , under different circumstances , they might have stayed on here , in these old-fashioned , high-ceilinged rooms that reminded him of the Irelands' apartment in the East Eighties .
`` What is it '' ? ?
There it is and there is what was in it .
But where do people go swimming in Paris ? ?
`` What boat '' ? ?
`` I don't know what I'm going to do with you '' .
Also , he was so nice when he was nice '' .
`` Then what was it '' ? ?
And the thing about hurt feelings , the wet bathing suit pointed out , is that the person who has them is not quite the innocent party he believes himself to be .
For instance -- what about all those people Harold Rhodes went toward unhesitatingly , as if this were the one moment they would ever have together , their one chance of knowing each other ? ?
that is how the Jews prepare a body for burial .
Search as he might , he could find no place where the Bible spoke of a moment when Mary could have been alone with Jesus .
Mostly the scene was crowded with mourners , such as the dramatic Dell'Arca Lamentation in Bologna , where the grief-stricken spectators had usurped Mary's last poignant moment .
When might Mary have had that moment to hold her child on her lap ? ?
Those who saw his finished Pieta would take the place of the biblical witnesses .
They would feel what Mary was undergoing .
These would be two human beings , whom God had chosen .
Even though he would later be resurrected , he was at this moment dead indeed , the expression on his face reflecting what he had gone through on the cross .
In his sculpture therefore it would not be possible for him to project anything of what Jesus felt for his mother ; ;
only what Mary felt for her son .
Since his Christ was to be life size , how was Mary to hold him on her lap without the relationship seeming ungainly ? ?
There was only one way to accomplish this : by design , by drawing diagrams and sketches in which he probed the remotest corner of his mind for creative ideas to carry his concept .
Visually , these approximated what he was feeling within himself .
At the same time he started walking the streets , peering at the people passing or shopping at the stalls , storing up fresh impressions of what they looked like , how they moved .
He improvised as he went along , completing a life-size clay figure , then bought yards of an inexpensive material from a draper , wet the lightweight cloth in a basin and covered it over with clay that Argiento brought from the bank of the Tiber , to the consistency of thick mud .
When the cloth dried and stiffened , he saw what adjustments had to be made .
`` So that's sculpture '' , commented Argiento wryly , when he had sluiced down the floor for a week , `` making mud pies '' .
He went into the Jewish quarter , wanting to draw Hebraic faces so that he could reach a visual understanding of how Christ might have looked .
When Michelangelo explained why he had come , Rabbi Melzi replied gravely :
That is why our creative people give their time to literature , not to painting or sculpture '' .
`` What kind of models would you prefer '' ? ?
Michelangelo hurried to Sangallo's solitary bachelor room with his sketches , asked the architect to design a stand which would simulate the seated Madonna .
He hesitated for a moment when Michelangelo asked him to disrobe , so Michelangelo gave him a piece of toweling to wrap around his loins , led him to the kitchen to take off his clothes .
But at the end of the sitting , when Michelangelo showed him the quick , free drawings , with the mother roughed in , holding her son , the model grasped what Michelangelo was after , and promised to speak to his friends .
He spent concentrated weeks putting his two figures together : a Mary who would be young and sensitive , yet strong enough to hold her son on her lap ; ;
and a Jesus who , though lean , was strong even in death a look he remembered well from his experience in the dead room of Santo Spirito .
When he wanted to emphasize , or get greater intensity , he added or subtracted clay .
When carving he was charged with spontaneous energy ; ;
The arrangement with Argiento was working well , except that sometimes Michelangelo could not figure who was master and who apprentice .
`` And God help anyone who tries to unteach you '' ! !
The boy was becoming acquainted with the contadini families that brought produce into Rome .
He was crouched over his anvil in the courtyard getting his chisels into trim , when a splinter of steel flew into his eye and imbedded itself in his pupil .
When Juanita awoke , Kate was still rocking the dead child , still crooning in disbelief , `` No , no , oh , no ! !
When he told her God had called the child to Him , she rejected his words rebelliously .
When she returned to life in the big house she felt shriveled of all emotion save dedication to duty .
She disciplined herself daily to do what must be done .
Juanita drooped about the place , wearing a haunted , brooding look , which Kate attributed to the baby's death , until the day a letter came for her addressed to `` Miss Juanita Fitzroy '' , bearing a Grafton postmark .
Kate tried to contain her curiosity and foreboding at what the letter portended , at what involvement existed for Juanita .
Uncle Randolph and Joel had replanted the bottom lands with difficulty , for more of the slaves , including Annie , had sneaked off when the soldiers broke camp .
What it was Kate could not fathom .
Joel knew what he was about , however .
`` Everybody knows I'm just a harmless , deaf old man who takes to drink .
Kate had no idea what they were talking of , although she had seen the blue lights and strange fires burning and winking on the ridges at night , had heard horsemen on the River Road and hill trails through the nights till dawn .
What he was about became clear to her with the circulation of another broadside proclamation by General McClellan , threatening reprisals against Rebel guerrillas .
Whenever she found time , she went blackberry picking with him , and they would come home together , mouths purple , arms and faces scratched , tired enough to forget grief for another day .
He helped Kate and Juanita enlarge the flower garden in the side yard , where they sometimes sat in the still evenings watching the last fat bees working against the summer's purple dusk .
The peddler came bawling his wares and told them of the convention in Wheeling , Which had formed a new state government by declaring the government at Richmond in the east illegal because they were traitors .
Accounts were garbled at the telegraph office when they sent old George down to Parkersburg for the news .
When Kate hurried in alarm to tell him to put it out , she saw other dots of flames among the western Virginia hills from the few scattered fires of the faithful .
The week after Manassas the sound of horses in the yard brought Kate up in shock from an afternoon's rest when she saw the Federal soldiers from her upstairs window .
`` What brings you here again , Colonel Marsh '' ? ?
She asked , taking him and Juanita into the parlor where the shutters were closed against the afternoon sun .
`` Where will you go now that you're leaving Parkersburg '' ? ?
`` When are you to leave '' ? ?
`` Stay here in the parlor where it's cool '' , she said , trying to be calm .
Then she took iced lemonade to Marsh's young aide where he sat in the cool of the big trees around the flower garden .
When Marsh called to his aide and the pair rode off down the River Road where the gentians burned blue , Juanita was shaken and trying not to cry .
`` What do you want to do '' ? ?
He knows me as your niece , which , of course , I am .
The two in the bed knew each other as old people know the partners with whom they have shared the same bed for many years , and they needed to say no more .
She came to the ballroom and stood on the two carpeted steps that led down to it .
`` Where is everyone ? ?
I say , where is everyone ? ?
There were times now , like this , when she lost control of the time count and moved freely back and forth into three generations .
When Peter had reached his majority at eighteen ? ?
Strange how everything here fitted back into his life , even if he had been away so long .
From there it looked across at Westchester County and the Hudson River where the manor houses , estates , and big farms of the original ( non-Indian ) landowners began .
On the east side of the island of Manhattan the indifferent hawk knew the East River that connected New York Bay with Long Island Sound .
Below in the open bay facing Manhattan was Staten Island , gritty with clam shells and mud flats behind which nested farms , cattle barns , and berry thickets .
Waited for more ships , more lobster-backed infantry , and asked what was to be done with a war of rebellion ? ?
David Cortlandt had certain psychic intuitions that this rebellion was not wholly what it appeared on the surface .
what mattered was that a new concept of Americans was being born .
And what of that poor tarred and feathered wretch he had seen on the road driving down from Schuyler's ? ?
And all this too shall pass away : it came to him out of some dim corner of memory from a church service when he was a boy -- yes , in a white church with a thin spur steeple in the patriarchal Hudson Valley , where a feeling of plenitude was normal in those English-Dutch manors with their well-fed squires .
He wondered how they could go on in poverty , superstition , ignorance , with a complete lack of desire to make either their land or their lives flourish .
When Alexander Brandel rose to speak , the hall became silent .
Beyond the forest all our paths merge into a single great highway which ends in the barren , eroded hills of Judea .
How we travel through the forest is for each man's conscience .
Where we end our journey is always the same .
We all seek the same thing through different ways -- an end to this long night of two thousand years of darkness and unspeakable abuses which will continue to plague us until the Star of David flies over Zion '' .
This was how Alexander Brandel expressed pure Zionism .
He saw the smug eyes of the Home Army chief , Roman , and all the Romans and the faces of the peasants who held only hatred for him .
Once there had been big glittering rooms where Ulanys bowed and kissed the ladies' hands as they flirted from behind their fans .
What matters now ? ?
What is beyond this fog ? ?
By late afternoon the train inched into the marshaling yards in the railhead at Lublin , which was filled with lines of cars poised to pour the tools of war to the Russian front .
At a siding , another train which was a familiar sight these days .
Few of the native Jews who had lived in Lublin were still in the ghetto .
Lublin generally was the forerunner of what would happen elsewhere .
What was happening in Majdanek ? ?
`` When that woman found me and told me that you needed me I was never so happy since before the war '' .
Who complains ? ?
Many times I tried to reach you , but I never knew how .
`` There is a man named Grabski who is the foreman in charge of the bricklayers at Majdanek .
The stories Everyone really knows what is happening there '' .
`` What good will it really do '' ? ?
I hated you when I first came in .
What I mean is , he was a Pole and the greatest soldier in the Ulanys .
Why '' ? ?
`` How can you tell an insane man to reason or a blind man to see '' ? ?
Why do we let the Germans do this '' ? ?
Grabski sat in a sweat-saturated undershirt , cursing the excessive heat which clamped an uneasy stillness before sundown .
Flies swarmed around the bowl of lentils in which he mopped thick black bread .
`` Can't understand why the hell anyone wants to go inside that son-of-a-bitch place '' .
`` Why ? ?
`` Well -- what about the money '' ? ?
`` You get the rest when I'm safely out of Majdanek '' .
When I'd delivered myself of that gem there was nothing to do but order up another drink .
I'd forgotten all about Thelma and the Kentucky Derby and how it was Thelma's fifty dollars I was spending .
`` I could scratch her eyes out '' , Eileen cried and stamped her foot when I came back from the phone booth .
`` What about Ballestre '' ? ?
What about him '' ? ?
`` That really would be funny '' .
She was still laughing when I grabbed her and started rolling her on the bed .
She lay under the covers making jabbing motions with her forefinger telling me where to look for the coffeepot .
I was stumbling in my undershirt trying to find my way around her damn kitchenette when I smelt that sickish sweet hairtonic smell .
All she did was write me a pleasant little note about how it was beautiful while it lasted but that now life had parted our ways and it was goodbye forever .
That finished me with Thelma .
I felt it and it ate on me all the time , but I didn't know how right I was till later .
What I did know was that Precious was always around .
`` Who do you think pays the rent ? ?
You wouldn't have me throw the poor boy out on the street '' , Eileen said when I needled her about it .
I said sure that was what I wanted her to do but she paid no attention .
I couldn't make out what his racket was .
Whenever the place was cleaned or a meal served it was Precious who did the work .
I never could find out what his business was .
`` Connections '' was all he would say with that smooth hurt smile when I put leading questions .
When I was in liquor I rode him pretty hard I guess .
I raised some kale by hocking the good clothes I had left over from my respectable uptown life , but when that was gone I didn't have a cent .
I don't know what we would have done if Pat O'Dwyer hadn't come to town .
Those O'Dwyers had that Irish clannishness that made them stick together in spite of politics and everything .
Pat took Eileen and me out to dinner at a swell steak house and told us with tears in his eyes how happy he was we had come together again .
`` Whom God hath joined '' etcetera .
It had gone big with the Hollywood girls when he told them his sister was an editor of Art And Apparel .
How about me trying to help her get her job back ? ?
It just about blew us both out of the water when Eileen suddenly came out with what she came out with .
My first thought was how had it happened so soon , but I counted back on my fingers and sure enough we'd been living together six weeks .
Greatest thing that ever happened .
When we separated that evening Pat pushed a hundred dollar bill into Eileen's hand to help towards a layette .
The portwatchers were retired longshoremen and small time seafarers off towboats and barges who acted as watchmen on the wharves .
There was one fact which Rector could not overlook , one truth which he could not deny .
No matter how devoted a man was , no matter how fully he gave his life to the Lord , he could never extinguish that one spark of pride that gave him definition as an individual .
It was only natural that Fletcher would strive for a position in which he could make the decisions .
He was not sure how much of this desire was due to his devotion to the church and how much was his own ego , demanding to be satisfied , for the two were intertwined and could not be separated .
But perhaps this was a part of the eternal plan , that man's ambition when linked with God would be a driving , indefatigable force for good in the world .
How foolish it was to try to fathom the truth in an area where only faith would suffice .
He would have to work without questioning the motives which made him work and content himself with the thought that the eventual victory , however it was brought about , would be sweet indeed .
In any event Rector sent him to the local hospital to have it checked , telling him to keep his ears open while he was in the village to see if he could find out what Kayabashi was planning .
he was simply to listen and report back what he heard .
Hino talked very little about himself except for the infrequent times when he used a personal illustration in connection with another subject .
Hino was the fourth son of an elderly farmer who lived on the coast , in Chiba , and divided his life between the land and the sea , supplementing the marginal livelihood on his small rented farm with seasonal employment on a fishing boat .
Without exception Hino's brothers turned to either one or both of their father's occupations , but Hino showed a talent for neither and instead spent most of his time on the beach where he repaired nets and proved immensely popular as a storyteller .
If and when Hino decided to tell him about his experiences , he would do so unasked .
Rector had no doubt that Hino would come back from the village bursting with information , ready to impart it with his customary gusto , liberally embellished with his active imagnation .
When the telephone rang on the day after Hino went down to the village , Rector had a hunch it would be Hino with some morsel of information too important to wait until his return , for there were few telephones in the village and the phone in Rector's office rarely rang unless it was important .
He was even more startled when he heard what Kayabashi wanted .
When would the oyabun like to bring his guests up here '' ? ?
Rector had no idea why Kayabashi wanted to visit the mission .
Kayabashi must feel fairly certain of his victory in order to make a visit like this , a trip which could be so easily misinterpreted by the people in the village .
When he had given the call a few moments thought , he went into the kitchen to ask Mrs. Yamata to prepare tea and sushi for the visitors , using the formal English china and the silver tea service which had been donated to the mission , then he went outside to inspect the grounds .
He went into the print shop , where Fletcher had just finished cleaning the press .
`` How many pamphlets do we have in stock '' ? ?
`` Why '' ? ?
Rector's next stop was at the schoolroom , where Mavis was monitoring a test .
`` How many children do you have present today '' ? ?
`` When Konishi gets back with the jeep , I want you to round up two or three Japanese boys .
He went on to explain what he had in mind .
It was rather a childish game , all in all , but everybody seemed to be getting into the spirit of the thing and he could not remember when he had enjoyed planning anything quite so much .
He was not sure what effect it would have , but that was really beside the point when you got right down to it .
He was not going to lose the mission by default , and whatever reason Kayabashi had for bringing his little sight-seeing group to the mission , he was going to be in for a surprise .
When everything had been done , Rector went back to his desk to occupy himself with his monthly report until three o'clock .
At two thirty he sent Fujimoto to the top of the wall at the northeast corner of the mission to keep an eye on the ridge road and give a signal when he first glimpsed the approach of Kayabashi's party .
The air was cooler here , and the lacy pattern of the trees threw a dappled shadow on the grass , an effect which he found pleasant .
He replied that he could not imagine what importance there might be in thus meeting with a stranger , but -- joy of joys , he would be at home at the hour mentioned .
But when she called he had thought better of the matter and decided not to involve himself in a new entanglement .
She was told by the manservant who opened the door that his lordship was engaged on work from which he had left strict orders he was not to be disturbed .
She concluded by asking for a brief interview -- `` to settle with you where '' -- and she threw in a tribute to his `` gentle manners '' and `` the wild originality of your countenance '' .
At their meeting he told her not to bother about `` where '' -- he would attend to that .
She sang him Scott's charming ballad `` Rosabelle '' , which was the vogue of the moment .
There have been cooing doves , chattering magpies , thieving jackdaws , a proud peacock , a silly goose , and a harpy eagle -- whom I was silly enough to mate with and who is now busy tearing at my vitals '' .
He regaled Claire with an account of the mock mass performed by the cassocked bloods , which he had had at firsthand from old Bud Dodington , one of the leaders of the so-called `` Order '' .
A scant half mile away Shelley and Mary were doubtless sitting on their diminutive terrace , the air about them scented with stock , and listening to the nightingale who had nested in the big lime tree at the foot of the garden .
Charming and peaceful -- but what were charm and peace compared to high adventure ? ?
How many women had longed for the privilege that was hers .
How was she to behave , Claire wondered .
At the inn , which was situated close to a broad weir , Byron was greeted by the landlord with obsequious deference and addressed as `` milord '' .
The place was evidently a familiar haunt and Claire wondered what other illicit loves had been celebrated in the comfortable rooms to which they were shown .
`` What about the bedroom '' ? ?
When Napoleon's ship had borne him to Elba , French wines had started to cross the Channel , the first shipments in a dozen war-ridden years , but the supplies had not yet reached rural hostelries where the sweet wines of the Spanish peninsula still ruled .
`` Tell me about Minerva , how she behaved , what she did to please you '' .
I don't ask you who 'tis you're being unfaithful to , husband or lover .
For a moment she thought of answering with the truth but she knew there were men who shied away from virginity , who demanded some degree of education in body as well as mind .
What matter the others so long as I have my place in history '' .
When Claire returned to Bishopsgate she longed to tell them she had become Byron's mistress .
By odd coincidence , on the evening of her return Shelley chose to read Parisina , which was the latest of the titled poet's successes .
`` Although it is not the best of which he is capable '' , said Shelley as he closed the book , `` it is still poetry of a high order '' .
`` How do you know that '' ? ?
William , he was called , in honor of the man who was at once Shelley's pensioner and his most bitter detractor .
With a pardonable irony Shelley wrote to the father who had publicly disowned his daughter :
`` Fanny and Mrs. Godwin will probably be glad to hear that Mary has safely recovered from a very favorable confinement , and that her child is well '' .
At the same time another child -- this one of Shelley's brain -- was given to the world : Alastor , a poem of pervading beauty in which the reader may gaze into the still depths of a fine mind's musings .
`` How can you say such a thing ? ?
There will be thousands who will thrill to the loveliness of Alastor .
What about that dear , clever Mr. Thynne ? ?
Now , under the impact of his wife's disclosures , he was brought suddenly to the realization that there was a limit to tolerance , however brilliant , however far-famed the offender might be .
For the moment there was no woman in his life , and it was this vacuum that had given Claire her opportunity .
When the boat had touched , the weaker ones and the two wounded men had been lifted out and carried away by the soldiers .
He wanted no part of the emotions of the exchange , no memory of the joy and gratitude that other men felt .
What in the name of God was he doing , crouched in a timbered pit on the wrong bank of the river ? ?
Why had he crossed the dark water , to bring back a group of reclaimed soldiers or to skulk in a foul-smelling hole ? ?
What did he hope to accomplish here ? ?
For what ? ?
Watson ran up the ladder and stood for a second sucking in the cool air that smelled of mud and river weeds .
How far could it be , Watson thought bleakly , how far can a blind man crawl ? ?
-- Why , course I can .
Where are you , Henry ? ?
What do you do to them ? ?
In war , on a night like this , it was only the outward emotions that mattered , what could be flung out into the darkness to damage others .
What a fool he had been to think of his brother ! !
What did it matter ? ?
What words had any meaning ? ?
What had he thought of , to go to John , grovel and beg understanding ? ?
What made him think John had a right to witness his brother's humiliation ? ?
What right had John to any special consideration ? ?
I would not want to be one of those writers who begin each morning by exclaiming , `` O Gogol , O Chekhov , O Thackeray and Dickens , what would you have made of a bomb shelter ornamented with four plaster-of-Paris ducks , a birdbath , and three composition gnomes with long beards and red mobcaps '' ? ?
As I say , I wouldn't want to begin a day like this , but I often wonder what the dead would have done .
But the shelter is as much a part of my landscape as the beech and horse-chestnut trees that grow on the ridge .
I can see it from this window where I write .
Offer her a cup of tea and she would say , `` Why , these cups look just like a set I gave to the Salvation Army last year '' .
Show her the new swimming pool and she would say , slapping her ankle , `` I suppose this must be where you breed your gigantic mosquitoes '' .
Hand her a chair and she would say , `` Why , it's a nice imitation of those Queen Anne chairs I inherited from Grandmother Delancy '' .
It all began on an autumn afternoon -- and who , after all these centuries , can describe the fineness of an autumn day ? ?
One might pretend never to have seen one before , or , to more purpose , that there would never be another like it .
Mrs. Hewlitt led the birthcontrol league , Mrs. Ryerson was arthritis , and way in the distance could be seen the slate roof of Ethel Littleton's house , a roof that signified gout .
Her mother had done it before her , and even her old grandmother , who had collected money for smallpox and unwed mothers .
The contributions were ahead of what she had got the previous year , and while the money , of course , was not hers , it excited her to stuff her kit with big checks .
She stayed too late , and when she left , it was dark and time to go home and cook supper for her husband .
`` I got a hundred and sixty dollars for the hepatitis fund '' , she said excitedly when he walked in .
There was a glass pane in the front door , and through this he could see into a hallway where a plump woman with red hair was arranging flowers .
Her hair was dyed , and her bloom was fading , and she must have been crowding forty , but she seemed to be one of those women who cling to the manners and graces of a pretty child of eight .
Won't you step into the living room , where it's cozier '' ? ?
Where was Mr. Flannagan , he wondered .
`` What train does Mr. Flannagan come out on '' ? ?
Planes made her feel faint , and in Tokyo , where she had gone that summer , she had been given raw fish for breakfast and so she had come straight home .
She and her husband had formerly lived in New York , where she had many friends , but Mr. Flannagan thought the country would be safer in case of war .
And knowing its humble place in the scale of things , why did he , at this time of life , seem almost ready to sell his soul for plumpness ? ?
The remarks she made about the sufferings of a lonely woman seemed so broad at first that he didn't know what to make of them , but after the sixth drink he put his arm around her and suggested that they go upstairs and look for her checkbook there .
`` I've never done this before '' , she said later , when he was arranging himself to leave .
`` Where have you been '' ? ?
Mrs. Pastern asked sadly , when he came in .
Children walking home from school would scuff through what seemed to be his foliage .
Then , getting back into bed , he thought unashamedly of Mrs. Flannagan , planning where they would next meet and what they would do .
There are , he thought , so few true means of forgetfulness in this life that why should he shun the medicine even when the medicine seemed , as it did , a little crude ? ?
that aside from due notification of certain major events in their lives ( two marriages , two births , one divorce ) , Christmas and Easter cards of the traditional sort had been the only thin link she had with them through the widowed years .
And the stiffly regal look of them , she saw grimly , lacked the quaver of age which , thwarting the efforts of her amazing will , ran through her spoken words like a thin ragged string .
She looked at the girl speculatively from eyes which had paled with the years ; ;
from the early evening lights of them which had first startled Izaak to look at her in an uncousinly way , they had faded to a near-absence of color which had , possibly from her constant looking at the water , something of the light of the sea in them .
I used to play with the older one sometimes , when he'd let me .
When the fate of the individual is visited on the group , then ( the warm sweet butter dripped from her raised trembling fork and she pushed her head forward belligerently ) , ah , then the true bitterness of existence could be tasted .
What had once been a widespread family -- at one time , she knew , there were enough Packards to populate an entire county -- had now narrowed down to the two boys , Abel and Mark .
What hope lay in the nephews , she asked the intensifying light out there , with one married to a barren woman and the other divorced , having sired two girl children , with none to bear on the Packard name ? ?
Here , too , she talked low , quirking her head at one or another of the places , most often at Izaak's armchair which faced her across the long table .
She thought again of her children , those two who had died young , before the later science which might have saved them could attach even a label to their separate malignancies .
He ran on his plump sticks of legs , freezing now and again into the sudden startled attitudes which the camera had caught and held on the paling photographs , all carefully placed and glued and labeled , resting in the fat plush album in the bottom drawer of the escritoire .
In the cruel clearness of her memory the boy remained unchanged , quick with the delight of laughter , and the pain with which she recalled that short destroyed childhood was still unendurable to her .
It was one with the desolate rocks and the alien water on those days when she hated the sea .
Abel sat and regarded the farm country which , spreading out from both sides of the road , rolled greenly up to where the silent white houses and long barns and silos nested into the tilled fields .
There was stability there , too -- a color which his life had had once .
That is what childhood is , he told himself .
What bad grace , what incredible selfishness he and Mark had shown .
`` I suppose it has to do with the property '' , Mark had said over the telephone when they had discussed their receipt of the letters .
He and Mark were the last of the family , and there lay the Cape Ann property which had seemed to have no end , stretching from horizon to horizon , in those golden days of summer .
He turned from the flying trees to look ahead and saw with an inward boy's eye again the great fieldstone house which , built on one of the many acres of ancestral land bordering the west harbor , had been Izaak's bride-gift to his cousin-wife as the last century ended .
'' Mark asked , and Abel lifted his eyes from the double lines in the middle of the road , the twin white ribbons which the car swallowed rapidly as it ascended the crest of the hill and came down .
There was the day Uncle Izaak had , in an unexpected grandiose gesture , handed over the pretty sloop to Abel for keeps , on condition that he never fail to let his brother accompany him whenever younger the boy wished .
The two of them had developed into a remarkable sailing team all of this happening in a time of their lives when their youth and their brotherhood knitted them together as no other time or circumstance could .
They seemed then to have had a single mind and body , a mutuality which had been accepted with the fact of their youth , casually .
They were climbing the hill in the night when the headlights abruptly probed solid blackness , became two parallel luminous tubes which broadened out into a faint mist of light and ended .
Mark stopped the car and switched off the lights and they sat looking at the water , which , there being no moon out , at first could be distinguished from the sky only by an absence of stars .
I decided I hated the Pedersen kid too , dying in our kitchen while I was away where I couldn't watch , dying just to entertain Hans and making me go up snapping steps and down a drafty hall , Pa lumped under the covers at the end like dung covered with snow , snoring and whistling .
I think his name stopped the snoring but he didn't move except to roll a little when I shoved him .
When his arm came up I ducked away but it caught me on the side of the neck , watering my eyes , and I backed off to cough .
Pa was on his side , looking at me , his eyes winking , the hand that had hit me a fist in the pillow .
He was bitter when he missed .
That's where he was when Hans found him '' .
Pa had his head up , glaring , his teeth gnawing at the place where he'd grown a mustache once .
Why should I ? ?
What did he come for , hey ? ?
That pot put Pa in an awful good humor whenever he thought of it .
Water from the snow and water from the towels had run off the kid to the table where the dough was , and the dough was turning pasty , sticking to the kid's back and behind .
`` What about your pa '' ? ?
`` He was awake when I left '' .
Get pig-drunk -- that's what he wants .
I was ready to jump but when Ma said she'd get the whisky it surprised him like it surprised me , and he ran down .
Ma never went near the old man when he was sleeping it off .
The first thing every morning when she washed her face she could see the scar on her chin where he'd cut her with a boot cleat , and maybe she saw him heaving it again , the dirty sock popping out as it flew .
I don't know where Ma went .
She had surprised Hans like she had surprised me when she said she'd go , and then she surprised him again when she came back so quick like she must have , because when I came in with the snow she was there with a bottle with three white feathers on its label and Hans was holding it angrily by the throat .
Now Hans had given Ma something of his -- we both had when we thought she was going straight to Pa -- something valuable ; ;
He was put out too because there was only one way of understanding what she'd done .
She'd found it by luck most likely but she hadn't said anything and we didn't know how long ago it'd been or how many other ones she'd found , saying nothing .
A fool could see what was going on .
`` Why not ? ?
That's what he needs , something warm to his skin , don't he '' ? ?
`` Not where he's froze good .
That's why I only put towels on his chest and belly .
`` What are we going to do with these '' ? ?
There was never a doubt any more how his structures would be received ; ;
He could no longer build anything , whether a private residence in his Pennsylvania county or a church in Brazil , without it being obvious that he had done it , and while here and there he was taken to task for again developing the same airy technique , they were such fanciful and sometimes even playful buildings that the public felt assured by its sense of recognition after a time , a quality of authentic uniqueness about them , which , once established by an artist as his private vision , is no longer disputable as to its other values .
Stowey Rummel was internationally famous , a crafter of a genuine Americana in foreign eyes , an original designer whose inventive childishness with steel and concrete was made even more believably sincere by his personality .
This was an enormously long building whose walls were made of rocks , some of them brought home from every continent during his six years as an oil geologist .
a pile of wire cages for mice from his time as a geneticist and a microscope lying on its side on the window sill , vertical steel columns wired for support to the open ceiling beams with spidery steel cantilevers jutting out into the air , masonry constructions on the floor from the time he was inventing his disastrous fireplace whose smoke would pass through a whole house , visible all the way up through wire gratings on each floor .
Everywhere else his ideas lay or hung in visible form : his models , drawings , ten-foot canvases in monochromes from his painting days , and underfoot a windfall of broken-backed books that looked as though their insides had been ransacked by a maniac .
Bicycle gear-sets he had once used as the basis of the design for the Camden Cycly Company plant hung on a rope in one corner , and over his desk , next to several old and dusty hats , was a clean pair of roller skates which he occasionally used up and down in front of his house .
He worked standing , with his left hand in his pocket as though he were merely stopping for a moment , sketching with the surprised stare of one who was watching another person's hand .
Sometimes he would grunt softly to some invisible onlooker beside him , sometimes he would look stern and moralistic as his pencil did what he disapproved .
he had found his style quite early in his career and he thought it quite wonderful that the world admired it , and he could not imagine why he should alter it .
There are , after all , fortunate souls who hear everything , but only know how to listen to what is good for them , and Stowey was , as things go , a fortunate man .
But he was too busy to hear what she was saying .
So they parted when she was in an impatient humor .
When he was bent over behind the wheel of the station wagon , feeling in his trouser cuffs for the ignition key which he had dropped a moment before , she came out of the house with an enormous Rumanian shawl over her head , which she had bought in that country during one of their trips abroad , and handed him a clean handkerchief through the window .
He had a deep voice which was full of good food she had cooked , and good humor ; ;
an explosive laugh which always carried everything before it .
Whenever he laughed it was all he was doing .
And she was made to fall in love with him again there in the rutted dirt driveway standing in the cold fog , mad as she was at his going away when he really didn't have to , mad at their both having got older in a life that seemed to have taken no more than a week to go by .
She was forty-nine at this time , a lanky woman of breeding with an austere , narrow face which had the distinction of a steeple or some architecture that had been designed long ago for a stubborn sort of prayer .
Her eyebrows were definite and heavy and formed two lines moving upward toward a high forehead and a great head of brown hair that fell to her shoulders .
There was an air of blindness in her gray eyes , the startled-horse look that ultimately comes to some women who are born at the end of an ancestral line long since divorced from money-making and which , besides , has kept its estate intact .
She was personally sloppy , and when she had colds would blow her nose in the same handkerchief all day and keep it , soaking wet , dangling from her waist , and when she gardened she would eat dinner with dirt on her calves .
But just when she seemed to have sunk into some depravity of peasanthood she would disappear and come down bathed , brushed , and taking breaths of air , and even with her broken nails her hands would come to rest on a table or a leaf with a thoughtless delicacy , a grace of history , so to speak , and for an instant one saw how ferociously proud she was and adamant on certain questions of personal value .
She even spoke differently when she was clean , and she was clean now for his departure and her voice clear and rather sharp .
To the stump of a tree as he passed it , the same stump which had impaled the car of many a guest in the past thirty years and which he refused to have removed .
Then , when he had it pointed down the hill , he stopped to gaze at her through the window .
She had begun to turn back toward the house , but his look caught her and she stood still , waiting there for what his expression indicated would be a serious word of farewell .
He looked at her out of himself , she thought , as he did only for an instant at a time , the look which always surprised her even now when his uncombable hair was yellowing a little and his breath came hard through his nicotine-choked lungs , the look of the gaunt youth she had suddenly found herself staring at in the Tate Gallery on a Thursday once .
Once more and roared off into the fog , his foot evidently surprising him with the suddenness with which it pressed the accelerator , just as his hand did when he worked .
She enjoyed great parties when she would sit up talking and dancing and drinking all night , but it always seemed to her that being alone , especially alone in her house , was the realest part of life .
Then she fell asleep again as soddenly as a person with fever , and when she awoke it was dark outside and the clarity was back in her eyes .
She went into the living room and turned on three lamps , then back into the kitchen where she turned on the ceiling light and the switch that lit the floods on the barn , illuminating the driveway .
How could it have been thirty years already , she wondered ? ?
She stood still over the leg of lamb , rubbing herbs into it , quite suddenly conscious of a nausea in her stomach and a feeling of wrath , a sensation of violence that started her shivering .
There was no room for company in the tiny Weaning House ( where the Albright boys always took their brides , till they could get a house and a farm of their own ) .
So when the Big House filled up and ran over , the sisters-in-law found beds for everyone in their own homes .
for to attend the dying was something she had never experienced , and certainly had not imagined when she thought of the duties she would have as Bobby Joe's wife .
When they first married he had been working in the fields all day , and she would get in the car and drive to wherever he was working , to take him a fresh hot meal .
Now there was no work in the fields , nor would there be till it rained , and she did not know where he went .
There was no reason for her to ask what they did .
Those who had driven hundreds of miles for the burial would not go home , for she might die any time ; ;
When Linda Kay had put up her breakfast dishes and mopped her linoleum rugs , she would go to the Big House .
There was not anything she could do there , but that was where everyone was , or would be .
Off and on , all day , someone would be wiping at the powdery gray dust that settled over everything .
They had cleaned up an old ice box and begun to buy fifty-pound blocks of ice in town , as the electric refrigerator came nowhere near providing enough ice for the crowds who ate and drank there .
It was a Cadillac , black grayed with the dust of the road , its windows closed tight so you knew that the people who climbed out of it would be cool and unwrinkled .
`` And how is she '' ? ?
All the women got up and offered their chairs , and when they were all seated again , the guests made their inquiries and their explanations .
`` We were on our vacation in Canada '' , Howard explained , in a muffled voice that must have been used to booming , `` and the news didn't catch up with us till we were nearly home .
`` And who is this '' ? ?
He asked , when she passed him a glass .
`` Who is Howard , anyway '' ? ?
`` How old is he '' ? ?
He was talking about antelope again when they woke up .
`` Did he ever visit here when he was a kid '' ? ?
`` Who '' ? ?
When he was a kid I wasn't around '' .
In her sophomore year she had started going steady with Bobby Joe , who was a football player , Future Homemakers sweetheart , and president of Future Farmers .
It was easy to see that they were made for each other , and they knew what they wanted .
Of course he couldn't say much , really , because of Debora , but Linda Kay could imagine what kind of woman his wife had been and what a raw deal he had got .
She was going to tell Bobby Joe about how mistaken she had been , but he brought one of the cousins home for supper , and all they did was talk about antelope .
`` Why , I couldn't even cook a piece of antelope steak ; ;
Every night they all went to Mama and Papa Albright's , and sat on the open front porch , where they could get the breeze .
Once in a while they said what a shame it was , with Granny dying , but they all agreed she wouldn't have wanted it any other way .
There were not many chairs , so that some preferred to sit on the edge of the porch , resting their feet on the ground , and others liked to sit where they could lean back against the wall .
Howard , who had been sitting against the wall , said he needed more fresh air , and took the spot on the edge of the porch where Bobby Joe had been sitting .
he had helped fight an oil-well fire that raged six days and nights .
`` But tell me , doctor , where do you plan to conduct the hatching '' ? ?
`` What I want you to do is to go to the market with me early tomorrow morning and help smuggle the hen back into the hotel '' .
Inside , carefully packed in straw , were six eggs , but the eye of a poultry psychologist was required to detect what scientifically valuable specimentalia lay inside ; ;
There was little enough time to contemplate them , however ; ;
`` It's been going since 1908 when I was a junior in college .
The ledger was full of most precise information : date of laying , length of incubation period , number of chick reaching the first week , second week , fifth week , weight of hen , size of rooster's wattles and so on , all scrawled out in a hand that looked more Chinese than English , the most jagged and sprawling Alex had ever seen .
Below these particulars was a series of alpha-beta-gammas connected by arrows and crosses which denoted the lineage of the breed .
The dawn progressed and it seemed that the doctor would never be done with his ministrations when quite abruptly something broke his revery .
The doctor , with the air of a man whose professional interests have found scope , drew Alex's attention to those excellences which might otherwise have escaped him : the fine color in comb and wattles , the length and quality of neck and saddle hackles , the firm , wide spread of the toes , and a rare justness in the formation of the ear lappets .
The purchase was effected and they made their way towards the hotel again , the hen , with whom some sort of communication had been set up , nestling in the doctor's arms .
The doctor was wearing a long New England greatcoat , hardly necessary in the June weather but a garment which proved well adapted to the sequestration of hens .
Alex entered first and was followed by the doctor who , for all his care , manifested a perceptible bulge on his left side where the hen was cradled .
When Alex entered his room , the doctor was already preparing a nest in the straw case , six eggs ready for the hen's attentions .
One part of her audience was totally engaged , the connoisseur witnessing a peculiarly fine performance of some ancient classic , the other part , the guest of the connoisseur , attentive as one who must take an intelligent interest in that which he does not fully understand .
The spectacle progressed towards a denouement which was obviously still remote ; ;
He opened it a crack and in doing so made as much shuffling , coughing , and scraping noise as possible in order to drown emanations from the hen who had begun to protest .
`` Who was that , young feller '' ? ?
Now you go outside and beckon me when it's safe '' .
they climbed the stairs which creaked , very loudly to their sensitive ears , and reached the next floor .
Alex suppressed those expressions of relief which offered to prevail in his face and escape from his throat ; ;
The doctor's wits had not left him , however , for all his sixty-eight years , and the wails were almost immediately lost in the sound of water rushing out from the showerhead .
Without comment he opened the closet and from its shelves constructed a highboard around the egg case which he had placed on the floor inside .
At the time Alex arrived he was engaged in some sort of intimate communication with the hen , who had settled herself on the nest most peacefully after the occurrences of the morning .
`` Chickens have short memories '' , the doctor remarked , `` that's why they are better company than most people I know '' , and he went on to break some important news to Alex .
Seems like she's willing , but the male just flops around all day like the bashful boy who took Jeannie May behind the barn and then didn't know what to do , and the people at the zoo haven't got any vulture chicks to show for their trouble .
Going downstairs with the tray , Winston wished he could have given in to Miss Ada , but he knew better than to do what she said when she had that little-girl look .
`` Why , Winston '' , she'd cry , `` I just now saw you eating it out of the jar '' ! !
But he knew how important it was for her to keep her figure .
The enormous plates which had held Mr. Jack's four fried eggs and five strips of bacon were still stacked in the sink .
`` This is moving day '' , Winston reminded her , `` and I bet you left things every which way upstairs , your clothes all over the floor and the bed not made .
`` How come your bows is always cockeyed '' ? ?
`` What room is there going to be in an apartment for any child '' ? ?
`` I told you what Miss Ada's doctor said '' .
What you think I care about that ? ?
`` We've got plenty of time to think about that .
`` How many times have I told you '' -- he began , and was almost glad when she cut him off -- `` Too many times '' ! !
-- and flounced to the sink , where she began noisily to wash her hands .
`` How you going to work with a child hanging on you '' ? ?
She made him sad some days , and he was never sure why ; ;
`` I don't know what you think you've been doing about my clothes '' , he said .
Mr. Jack cried when the brush tipped his hat down over his eyes .
Then he stood back to look at Mr. Jack , who was pulling on his pigskin gloves .
When he was going to town , nothing was good enough -- he had cursed at Winston once for leaving a fleck of polish on his shoelace .
The velvet smoking jackets , pearl-gray , wine , and blue , which Miss Ada had bought him hung brushed and unworn in the closet .
Each brass handle and hinge shone for his reward , and he knew how to get at the dust in the china flowers and how to take down the long glass drops which hung from the chandelier .
She had talked to him right there , with the hot sun in his face , which made him sweat and feel ashamed .
where would she go for her gardening now ? ?
sometimes when he was pressing , Winston raised her dresses to his face .
When they came to Mr. Jack's photograph , twenty by twelve inches in a curly silver frame , Miss Ada said , `` By rights I ought to leave that , seeing he won't take my clotheshorse '' .
`` What possessed you to tell me a clotheshorse would be a good idea '' ? ?
`` You know what she likes , Winston '' , he had said wearily , one evening in November when Winston was pulling off his overshoes .
`` Tell me what to get her for Christmas '' .
`` How do you like it '' ? ?
Will you wear pink when you're sixty '' ? ?
My memory has catalogued for easy reference and withdrawal the image of her pink , scented stationery and the unsloped , almost printed configurations of her neat , studious handwriting with which she invited me to recall our summer , so many sentences beginning with `` Remember when ; ;
'' and others concerning camp friends who resided in her suburban neighborhood , , and news of her commencing again her piano lessons , her private school , a visit to Boston to see her grandparents and an uncle who was a surgeon returned on furlough , wounded , from the war in Europe .
In my letters I took on a personality that differed from the self I knew in real life .
Then epistolatory me was a foreign correspondent dispatching exciting cables and communiques , full of dash and wit and glamor , quoting from the books I read , imitating the grand styles of the authors recommended by a teacher in whose special , after-school class I was enrolled .
The letters took their source from a stream of my imagination in which I was transformed into a young man not unlike my bunkmate Eliot Sands -- he of the porch steps anecdotes -- who smoked cigarettes , performed the tango , wore fifty dollar suits , and sneaked off into the dark with girls to do unimaginable things with them .
Like Eliot , in my fantasies , I had a proud bearing and , with a skill that was vaguely continental , I would lead Jessica through an evening of dancing and handsome descriptions of my newest exploits , would guide her gently to the night's climax which , in my dreams , was always represented by our almost suffocating one another to death with deep , moist kisses burning with love .
They caused my love for Jessica to become warmer and at the same time more hopeless , as if my adolescent self knew that only torment would ever bring me the courage to ask to see her again .
Again among those jubilantly reunited bunkmates , I was shy with Jessie and acted as I had during those early Saturday mornings when we all seemed to be playing for effect , to be detached and unconcerned with the girls who were properly our dates but about whom , later , in the privacy of our bunks , we would think in terms of the most elaborate romance .
It made her look sweet and schoolgirlish , I was excited to be with her , but I did not know how to express it .
Yet a moment did come that night when the adventurous letter writer and fantasist seemed to stride off my flashy pages , out of my mind , and plant himself in reality .
It was at that party that , finally overcoming my timidity , inspired by tales only half-understood and overheard among older boys , I asked Jessie to spend New Year's Eve with me .
Later , we agreed to think of how we wished to spend that night .
I had no idea of what subjects one discussed when alone with a girl , or how one behaved : Should I hold her hand while walking or only when crossing the street ? ?
When in one letter Jessica informed me that her father did not like the idea of her going out alone on New Year's Eve , I knew for a moment an immense relief ; ;
but the letter went on : she had cried , she had implored , she had been miserable at his refusal , and finally he had relented -- and now how happy she was , how expectant ! !
I felt superior to the neighborhood friends I was leaving behind , felt older than my years , and was full of compliments for myself as I headed into the subway that was carrying its packs of passengers out of that dull borough and into the unstable , tantalizing excitement of Manhattan .
Times Square , when I ascended to it with my fellow subway travellers ( all dressed as if for a huge wedding in a family of which we were all distant members ) , was nearly impassable , the sidewalks swarming with celebrants , with bundled up sailors and soldiers already hugging their girls and their rationed bottles of whiskey .
How did one join them ? ?
Where were they all walking to ? ?
It was a quarter of seven when the crowd washed me up among the other gallants who had established the Astor steps as the beach-head from which to launch their night of merrymaking .
I looked for Jessica to materialize out of the clogging , curdling crowd and , as the time passed and I waited , a fiend came to life beside me and whispered in my ear : How was I planning to greet Jessica ? ?
Where exactly would we go after the movie ? ?
But when I saw that it was already ten past seven , I began to wonder if something had gone wrong .
At 7:25 two hotel doormen came thumping down the steps , carrying a saw-horse to be set up as a barricade in front of the haberdashery store window next to the entranceway , and as I watched them in their gaudy red coats that nearly scraped the ground , their golden , fringed epaulets and spic , red-visored caps , I suddenly saw just over their shoulders Jessica gracefully making her way through the crowd .
I suddenly thought of Mary Jane Brennan , the way her pretty eyes could flash with anger , her quiet competence , the gentleness and sweetness that lay just beneath the surface of her defenses .
I had told her enough about myself to offset somewhat the damaging stories that had appeared in local newspapers after my little adventure in Marshall Field & Co. .
`` You must have loved that girl very much , but you couldn't have meant it when you said that you wanted to kill her '' .
`` Why do you say that '' ? ?
When I think of people like you , well , I '' --
`` You what , Mary Jane '' ? ?
`` Why should I ? ?
They all mean well , have great promises to make when they are about to go home , but drinking is their sickness .
`` Why didn't you '' ? ?
`` That's what I mean about you , Anderson '' , she said .
I'll tell you why I didn't go to college ; ;
I'm going to become a good nurse , and I've got two baby brothers that are going to have college if I have to work at my profession until I'm an old maid to give it to them '' .
`` What about your father and mother , don't you think of them when you're in a place like this '' ? ?
`` My father and mother died when I was two years old '' , I said .
Aunt Mary died when I was doing my military service .
`` I don't know what I'd do without my family .
When she had finished I said :
`` What about you ? ?
How would you feel about it if I were to ask you for a date when I get through at Hanover '' ? ?
What about your that girl you were going to kill '' ? ?
`` There are things about me that I can't tell you now , Mary Jane '' , I said , `` but if you'll go out to dinner with me when I get out of Hanover , I'd like to tell you the whole story .
Only two people in the state of Illinois knew that I was entering Hanover State Hospital under an assumed name , or why .
But I had the proof , all documented in a legal agreement which I would show her the moment I was free to do so .
It was a bad play , real grade-A turkey , which only a prevalence of angels with grandiose dreams of capital gain and tax money to burn could have put into rehearsal .
This let me in for a lot of kidding from the rest of the company , two members of which were native Chicagoans .
It suddenly occurred to me that I did not particularly like acting , that I was at some sort of crossroads and would have to decide soon what I was going to do with my life .
When I answered it a voice too dignified and British to be real said , `` Is this Mr. Dale Nelson , the actor '' ? ?
`` Why don't you bastards lay off for a while '' ? ?
I finally went downstairs to the bar off the main lobby where most of the cast were drowning their sorrows over the untimely passing of Ask Tony .
He had just returned my change when the doorman came in off the street to page me .
After a while , however , a person's mind gets fed up and that magnifies all of the disagreeable physical symptoms which go with that sort of an assignment .
You're conscious of the fact that your feet hurt , that the city pavements are hard .
I wasn't far behind him when he entered the parking lot and hurried over to his car .
The attendant recognized me once more and said , `` What did you do about that office '' ? ?
one here and one that's out quite a ways where there's usually curb parking '' .
`` That curb parking is undependable and annoying , particularly when it rains '' , he said .
I know where the car is .
You get business where the business is , not where it isn't '' .
I couldn't see him , but the electric bugging device gave steady beeps when it was straight ahead , short half beeps when the car I was following was to the left , and long drawn-out beeps when it turned to the right .
That meant he'd parked someplace .
I could get up close to him where there was traffic but had to drop far behind when there wasn't traffic .
I sat where I could watch the exit and realized I was hungry .
He had written out the license number of his car but had transposed the last two figures , an old dodge which is still good .
The manager of the motel was a woman who apparently didn't care .
not like the cracker-box construction of so many of the motel units that have stucco all over the outside but walls that are thin enough so you can hear every movement of the people in the adjoining apartment .
Whoever his companion was going to be , she was going to join him later .
She knew where to come .
It's one thing to go without food when you're occupied with some work or when you're simply postponing a meal , but when you're dependent on someone else and know that you can't eat until he's bedded down for the night , hunger can be a gnawing torture .
The powerful microphone I could press against the wall between my motel unit and that occupied by the man would bring in the sound of any conversation , and I was positively nauseated I was so hungry .
The place wasn't particularly busy at that time of night , and the girl who was waiting on me , who was clothed in the tightest-fitting pair of slacks I had ever seen on a woman and a sweater that showed everything there was -- and there was lots of it -- wanted to be sociable .
That's when my evening commences '' .
`` That's what they all say .
I said `` Darn it , that's the automatic signal that shows when the ignition key is on .
`` How much overweight is she '' ? ?
When I switched on the lights for her to come and get the check , I had the exact change plus a dollar tip .
She measured the distance from where they stood to the men and the gun , measured the distance from the men to the back room .
There was something phony about all this gun waving -- something not quite what it seemed in the detailed directions for finding the police .
The distance between where she stood and where Dave waited at the outside door was a hundred miles .
When he was answered , he said , `` Albert ? ?
I'm sending you a couple of customers -- yeah -- just get them out of my hair and keep them out -- I don't give a damn what you tell them -- only don't believe a word they say -- they're out to make trouble for me and it is up to you to stop them -- I don't care how -- and one more thing -- Cate's Cafe closed at eleven like always last night and Rose and Clarence Corsi left for Quebec yesterday -- some shrine or other -- I think it was called Saint Simon's -- yeah , yesterday .
How could she ? ?
`` Remember how she looked when Barney held the door for her ? ?
She was just waking up when we found her at the garage '' .
`` -- had enough brains to call ya up so as ya could do sompin about it when the parents -- I coulda let her go go '' -- His eyes were lowered , so he couldn't have seen the narrow , pointed face of his companion suddenly writhe with fury ; ;
He knew Vince Steiner was one of those men who had to work up a fury once in a while just to prove how dangerous he could be .
sugar sprayed with a hiss that was loud in the silence .
`` Why does everything have to happen to me '' ? ?
`` How do you know , stupid ? ?
`` Why can't I leave her locked up in the tool crib '' ? ?
After Guardino's left , we'll dump the kid somewhere near the border where she kin get home .
God help you if she knows where she's been '' .
`` What am I going to do with her all day ? ?
`` What the hell do I care what you do with her all day ? ?
Just get her where Guardino won't see her and start asking questions '' .
Grosse rubbed the bridge of his nose where it was swollen .
I wish you luck when you try scaring that kid '' .
`` What is it '' ? ?
She could easily understand why the two men had been startled to find a strange girl in the back seat of their car ( she had figured that out ) , but she couldn't understand their subsequent actions .
Who could blame her for that ? ?
It was one thing to awaken outside a restaurant where your parents were eating and quite another to awaken in a strange garage and know your parents had gone on home without you .
Although she found she was thirsty , she was about to refuse ( never , never take candy from a strange man ) when she saw the bottle was unopened .
When she was finished she pushed it back .
She said , `` Barney , why is he keeping me here '' ? ?
Lauren said , `` Why can't I call my home ? ?
How could he be kind one moment and cruel the next ? ?
Did he know something that made him feel sad and sorry for her ? ?
the unknown was so much worse than -- what dangers lay ahead for her ? ?
What awful thing had she to face in the next few hours ? ?
Where were they now ? ?
And what would her mother be doing right now ? ?
She stammered , `` You heard what he said about police ? ?
Why don't we drive around the corner '' ? ?
He had driven the car that passed them on the road outside Admassy's place .
Do you know where it might have gone '' ? ?
He avoided showing any surprise or annoyance when no one answered him .
After he had proceeded a few feet , he paused and turned up the cuffs of his trousers , which were already damp and mud-caked .
It concerned an officer who had been disgraced and drummed out .
He was trapped on the road when he heard the sound of an approaching car .
Marty's heart skipped a beat when he recognized it .
It was the station wagon that had passed his cab on the road , the station wagon that had been parked at the Burch farm .
That had only been a ruse to lure him out on the deserted road .
It was the Ford that had been outside Burch's farm .
When the two cars were equidistant from him , the station wagon started up again and the Ford gathered speed .
Marty knew how the Union soldiers must have felt at Chancellorsville and Antietam and Gettysburg when the ragged gray ranks charged at them , screaming the wild banshee howl they called the Rebel yell .
Back East the more affluent juvenile delinquents , who could afford hyped-up autos instead of switch blades as lethal weapons , played this same game and called it `` Chicken '' .
At least he could climb up on the fence when his tormenters roared by again .
He splashed on , mud sucking at his feet with each step , until he reached the end of the drainage ditch and the beginning of the fence that enclosed the farm .
The fence , his only refuge when the metal death came roaring at him , was made of rails , all right , but the rails were protected by a thick screening of barbed wire that would rip his flesh if he pressed against it .
You could not stand on dignity when you were soaked and muddied and your life was at stake .
When the Plymouth neared , it veered toward him and seemed about to run him down .
Why didn't you wait at the Burch house ? ?
When it was finally pointed east , he said , `` You should never have come out here alone .
Rourke was talking on the phone when he came back .
`` I don't know what you're getting into , Mike '' , he said unhappily .
`` Where '' ? ?
Timothy Rourke gulped down the whiskey hastily and joined him , asking , `` Who are we going to call on in the Northeast section '' ? ?
In Rourke's car , Shayne drove east to Biscayne Boulevard and north toward Felice Perrin's address which had been given to him by the Peralta governess .
`` I want to be in Scotty's Bar at midnight when Marsha makes her phone call there '' , he ended grimly .
`` I don't know whether that threatening letter of hers has anything to do with this situation or not , but I want to see who takes the call '' .
`` This deal at Las Putas Buenas where the two knife-men jumped you '' , said Rourke with interest , `` that sounds like it was set up with malice aforethought by the luscious Mrs. Peralta , doesn't it '' ? ?
I think her husband strongly suspects so , and that's why he called me in on the thing in direct defiance of his confederates and almost certainly without telling them why he was doing so .
There was a small , neon-lighted restaurant and cocktail lounge on the southeast corner of the intersection as he turned into the quiet , palm-lined street where most of the houses on both sides were older two-story mansions , now cut up into furnished rooms and housekeeping apartments .
Shayne noted idly that it carried Miami Beach license plates as he approached , and then saw the flare of a match in the front seat as they passed , indicating that it was occupied .
Instead of pulling into the curb , Shayne increased his speed slightly to the corner where he swung left .
`` The pair whom Petey is officially commending for slapping me around and pulling me in '' .
`` What are they doing here '' ? ?
As soon as you find out if they are Geely and Harris , come on around to the lounge where I'll be waiting '' .
`` How often do they add up to headlines ? ?
He was standing at the end of the bar enjoying a slug of cognac when Rourke came in six or eight minutes later .
You know how it is '' , he added with a conspiratorial wink .
He turned away and returned in a moment with a pint of brandy in a small paper sack which he slid over the counter to Shayne .
As the detective slid it into his pocket , Rourke asked sadly , `` What in hell are you going to do , Mike '' ? ?
Outside , Shayne hesitated when he saw that Rourke had parked his coupe directly in front of the bar headed south .
Shayne stepped back to let him slump to the ground , and then dived over him through the open door into Harris who was cursing loudly and trying to drag a gun from a shoulder holster , somewhat impeded by the steering wheel .
Shayne strolled across to intercept the reporter in front of the two-story house where Felice Perrin lived , and asked casually , `` Get the police okay '' ? ?
What happened with you '' ? ?
`` Why the two damned fools got all excited when they saw the bottle , and knocked each other out cold '' , Shayne said good-humoredly .
They went up onto a front porch and into a small hallway where a dim bulb burned high in the ceiling .
The stairway on the right was dark , but there was a wall-switch at the bottom which lighted another dim bulb at the top , and they went up .
When his vision cleared he saw the taller one scrambling upward , reaching .
Mickey was on his knees when Roberts turned on the stairs and the razor flashed in his hand .
Mickey's eyes fixed on the other's feet , which would first betray the moment and direction of an attack .
He made himself back off slowly , his eyes wary on Roberts , who now had no more to lose than he .
They were eight feet apart when Roberts cleared the last step .
He was just short of arm's reach when he stopped .
This was going to be it now , any second , and what he had to remember was to keep his eye on the razor , no matter what , even if Roberts should feint with a kick to the groin , the deadly hand was his exclusive concern .
When he charged Mickey was ready .
It seemed to him that a long time had passed before he decided what to do .
There's no way to take him in now and keep those other two -- Wister and the one who hired the two of them -- from finding out about Roberts and lamming out .
He looked at where Roberts lay sprawled on the step .
Walking away on impulse , he might logically leave behind what it was inconvenient to carry .
When he had closed the suitcase he found a rag and moved about the room , wiping carefully everything he might have touched .
When he reached the dip in the woods , he saw that already the earlier ruts were barely discernible .
He parked facing it and left the headlights on , but when he started into the tunnel with the suitcase , he found the illumination extended no farther than half a dozen feet into the passage .
When the dust settled , he went back to the Jeep and carefully worked Roberts' body onto his shoulder .
He had started to back into the turn when he remembered the razor in his pocket .
He replaced the flashlight where it had been stowed , got into his own car and backed it out of the garage .
There were tire marks where it had been , but they were overlapped by others and on the dusty floor would not be noticeable except under close scrutiny .
Still she would probably have sense enough not to call in the local sheriff to find her boy friend who , apparently , had run away .
A woman named Lisa who tells nobody anything about herself .
A clerk in the outer office took him in to Sheriff Carruthers , a big , paunchy man with thick , white hair and a voice with a senatorial resonance which suggested he should be running for higher office .
He explained the background of the case , ending with the tenuous clue which had brought him to Gulf Springs .
`` So you're looking for a woman who married a man who might have lived here a year ago and might have been poisoned .
She's the one who decides which wedding is to get the lead space in the Sunday paper and all that '' .
`` Once , when the editor was just out of the hospital from a gallstone operation , Mrs. Calhoun and the mother of the bride went out to his house and fought it out beside his bed .
She'd be sure to remember any bride who was vague about background .
The wearying trek stretched into the afternoon -- from newspaper plant to insurance office to her house and back to the newspaper , where he found her at five o'clock .
`` What reason did she give '' ? ?
`` Now how in hell would I remember that '' ? ?
We usually run a social note when somebody moves away '' .
`` Sounds like what you're after '' , he said when Hank had finished .
It latches when you close it , so stay as long as you like '' .
Before we built the new jail , we used to keep prisoners in here overnight sometimes when the old jail got too crowded .
When they had gone , he stood for a minute breathing in the mustiness of old paper and leather which the busily thrumming air conditioner couldn't quite dispel .
Mr. Black's life was an open book , so to speak , from his birth in Jackson , Mississippi , through his basketball-playing days at L.S.U. and his attainment of a B.A. degree , which had presumably prepared him for his career as district sales manager for Peerless Business Machines .
If Mrs. Black was who he thought she was , Mr. Black's Peerless selling days might well be over .
For the next hour he scrambled happily up and down the ladder , sharing the excitement of reporters who had seen McKinley's assassination , the Iroquois Theater fire in Chicago , and the Hall-Mills trial .
Whoever it was had meant to shut him up in here , had followed him and waited till the courthouse and square were deserted .
But why ? ?
Nobody could hear what was going on in this underground vault .
Until now , Lilac Gaylor and Lila Kingsley had been like an anagram which he could unscramble at his own pace and choosing .
And I done favors for you , big favor not so long back , didn't I , and I'm right here to take on where Pretty left off .
Ace of spades -- a widow , that was what they called a widow , these low-class crooks remembered Mr. Skyros distractedly .
When things got a little out of hand , they very rapidly got a lot out of hand -- it seemed to be a general rule .
Mr. Skyros was not a man who thought very much about moral principles ; ;
but all the same he thought now , uneasily , of the way in which Angelo earned his living -- and paid for his own stuff -- and eyed the soft smile , and the spaniel-like dark eyes , and he felt a little ill .
`` Look , my friend '' , he said , `` in my life I learn , how is it the proverb says , better an ounce of prevention to a pound of cure .
And Mr. Skyros didn't like Angie , but what with Prettyman and three of his boys inside , and not likely to come out -- And Angie such a valuable salesman , Prettyman said -- All the nuisance and danger of getting in touch with practically a whole new bunch of boys -- Why did everything have to happen at once ? ?
Denny said stupidly , `` Why , you ain't turning Angie down , are you , Mr. Skyros ? ?
Oh , God , the name repeated over and over , anybody to hear -- Not being a fool , Mr. Skyros knew why .
But aside from everything else , it would scarcely be pleasant to have dealings with one who was nominally an underling and actually held -- you could say -- the whip hand .
Who knew , Angie might not last long .
I tell you , I know how it is with you , my friend , I sympathize , and I'll make it a special point -- a special favor -- get in touch , and get some stuff just for you .
Never mind how much I cut it , how much I get '' , and he smiled his sleepy smile again .
Not very much later , but when things had settled down a little .
Katya Roslev , who would be Katharine Ross so very soon now , rang up her first sale of the day and counted back the change .
Usually she marked the few who did thank you , you didn't get that kind much in a place like this : and she played a little game with herself , seeing how downright rude she could act to the others , before they'd take offense , threaten to call the manager .
Funny how seldom they did : used to it , probably .
The kind who came into a cheap store like this ! !
Not when she'd waited so long already .
She had it all planned out , how she'd do .
She'd say she didn't feel good on Sunday , couldn't go to church -- there'd be a little argument , but she could be stubborn -- and when the old woman had gone , quick pack the things she'd need to take , all but the dress she'd wear Monday , and take the bag down to that place in the station where you could put things in a locker overnight , for a dime .
She didn't mind working hard , not as if she figured to do anything wrong to live easy and soft -- all she wanted was a chance , where she wasn't marked as what she was .
smarter , and wear different kinds of clothes -- she'd be Katharine Ross , just what that sounded like .
he made fresh coffee and searched through all the desk drawers for more cigarettes before thinking of her handbag , and found a crumpled stray cigarette at its bottom , which tasted peculiarly of face powder .
-- What then '' ? ?
And I suppose now that you've finally grown up , if a little late , you'd go on producing kittens every six months or so .
Yes , well , it's a pity to spoil your girlish figure -- which all those kittens would do anyway -- but I think when you've raised these we'll just have the vet fix it so there won't be any more .
But she was talking of Emile when she saw the black line of the open door ; ;
What can they do if they find them '' ? ?
But of course the paterollers won't be of any help , not with everything so upset and that Yankee cavalry outfit they say is running around , God knows where '' .
She had swished away , she had been gone for a long time probably when Sarah suddenly realized that she ought to stop her , pour out the coffee , so no one would drink it .
She had quarreled with Lucien , she had resisted his demands for money -- and if she died , by the provisions of her marriage contract , Lucien would inherit legally not only the immediate sum of gold under the floorboards in the office , but later , when the war was over , her father's entire estate .
Lucien is not the only person in this house who could have put opium in that coffee .
The opium had disappeared before Emile's death and whoever shot him could not by any stretch of the imagination have foreseen Sarah's own doubts and suspicions -- and questions .
So somebody else knew what would happen to her father's money if she died .
And in all likelihood , by now , there was more than one person in the house who knew the terms of her marriage contract .
There was no point either in telling herself again what a fool she'd been .
She went downstairs and received another curious shock , for when Glendora flapped into the dining room in her homemade moccasins , Sarah asked her when she had brought coffee to her room and Glendora said she hadn't .
`` Well , then who brought it '' ? ?
I don't know what we're going to do , Miss Sarah '' .
She ate what she could and went out along the covered passageway , with the rain dripping from the vines .
She doled out what Glendora vaguely guessed were the right amounts of dried peas , eggs , cornmeal , a little salt .
The shelves looked emptier than when Miss Celie had shown her the storeroom , and since the men from the Commissary had called ; ;
`` Can't you possibly imagine what life is going to be like , here '' ? ?
Maude had the cool ruthlessness to do whatever she made up her mind to do .
She couldn't see how her death could affect Maude .
She couldn't see any reason why Maude would attempt to frighten her .
She started back for the house , saw a light in the office , opened the door and surprised a domestic little scene which was far outside the dark realm of murder or attempted murder .
George said , `` First thing I do when I get to Vicksburg again , is get me a Yankee '' --
And what news , Sarah thought as satirically as Maude might have said it .
Now why did I do that ? ?
She paused at the kitchen door , caught her breath , told herself firmly that the opium was only an attempt to frighten her and went into the kitchen , where Glendora was eyeing the chickens dismally and Maude was cleaning lamp chimneys .
No matter what had happened or hadn't happened , somebody had to see about dinner .
Try to find out how happy he is with his wife , whether he plays around with women .
`` What a stinking world '' , Rourke said .
What for ? ?
He wondered how long it would be before they had a signed confession from Lionel Black .
But he still wanted to know why .
He simply walked , not noticing where he was , not caring .
Mainly of what Conrad had tried to make him believe .
The enormity of what Conrad had told him made it impossible for Gilborn to accept , with any degree of realism , the actuality of it .
Whoever he was and your wife were intimate .
When Kitti was alive -- and he remembered the pressure of her hand resting lightly on his arm -- she had been the center of his life .
The doorman began to nod his head automatically , then remembered who Gilborn was , what had happened to him the night before .
Without taking off his coat , he sat in the blue chair which still faced the closed bedroom door .
Who ? ?
Who ? ?
Who ? ?
Where there is a left-hand entry in the ledger , there is a right-hand one , he remembered from his school days .
Where there is a victim , there is a killer .
Who ? ?
Whoever he was and your wife were intimate .
The bed still showed signs of where Kitti had lain .
Gilborn wondered whether Kitti had lain in that same bed with Who ? ?
Who ? ?
Why hadn't he called ? ?
When he left , she knew she would never see him again .
She could always predict what Stanley was going to do , ever since she first met him .
Blanche couldn't remember when she had first arrived at this conclusion .
It was nothing that he said or did , but it seemed so natural to her that she should be working for him , looking forward to his eventual proposal .
But Blanche had been able to maintain a serene and assured composure in the face of her widowed mother's continued carping , had been able to resist her urgings to date anyone who offered the slightest possibility of matrimony .
a woman who was willing to give him love , faith , and anything else a woman could give a husband .
Indeed , there was a woman who , unasked , had already given him love .
Stanley had filled out the return and because , when he was finished , it was close to the lunch hour , he had politely asked Kitti to join him , never expecting her to accept .
Blanche knew all this because the door to Stanley's office was open and , without straining too hard , she could hear everything that was said .
After that day , Blanche still didn't know exactly what had happened .
There were mornings when Stanley came in late , afternoons when he left early , days when he didn't come in at all .
On the morning of Stanley's return , however , her strength left her .
She didn't tell anyone , even her mother , what was wrong .
Perhaps if Felix had first come upon us when this boy was not cavorting so gaily up and down the hall outside the murdered woman's apartment , we might have had less trouble convincing Felix of our seriousness .
By the time Felix turned up it was early afternoon , which , one would think , would be late enough so that by then , except for small children and a few hardy souls who had not yet sobered up , it could have been expected that people would no longer be having any sort of active interest in the previous night's noisemakers and paper hats .
He had retained his hat and his horn , and , whatever fun might still be going , he was ready to join it .
That , incidentally , might give you some idea of what Felix was like .
You still have your paper hat and you're wearing it , but then , it is an extraordinary paper hat and , in addition to anything else you may be , you are also the sculptor who created that most peculiar dame out in the back yard .
What I'm getting at is that we were fully prepared for Felix's being an odd one .
We were not , however , prepared for anything like the apparition that confronted us as Felix came up the stairs .
He , of course , must have been equally unprepared for what confronted him , but , nonetheless , I did find his reaction startling .
Felix threw his head back and laughed a laugh that shook the timbers of even that solidly built old house .
His face was ruddy and heavy and unlined , and when he laughed he showed his teeth , which were big and white and strong and unquestionably home-grown .
I don't remember ever seeing teeth that were quite so white and at the same time quite so emphatically not dentures .
`` The world is full of blokes who put their hearts into making the tragic scene .
Is there any other time in which a man can live '' ? ?
Could your future , your immediate future , be made to include taking us upstairs , giving us a bit of space in which our friend can work , and making available to him your finger tips '' ? ?
`` We're here because of what happened last night '' , he said .
`` I can't see what would make it necessary for you to know .
This was a broth of a boy , our Felix , and nothing was more obvious than the joy he took in demonstrating how agile he was and how full of juice and spirit .
The cops would gather up Connor and the foursome on the third floor and bring us those of them who would voluntarily submit to fingerprinting .
You may think we didn't need Nancy and Jean , but you always get what you can when you can , and we had no guarantee that a fingerprint record on them couldn't be useful before we were through with this case .
Also , if we had excluded the ladies we would have to that extent let the whole world know at least that much of where we stood .
The killer , if in our present group , would certainly be interested in knowing that much , and even though with the fingerprint evidence what it was I could see no way he could use this bit of information to improve on his situation , there might always be some way .
It was that oddly shaped space at the very top of the house , where ceiling heights had to accommodate themselves to the varying angles of roof slope .
When Felix first opened the door on it , all these shades were tightly drawn and the whole studio was as dark as night .
He flew about the place making these adjustments and it was obvious that what he was doing was the fruit of long experience .
Starting with the room completely blacked out , as it was when we came in , he unerringly fixed things so that the whole place was bathed in the maximum of light without at any point admitting even so much as a crack of glare .
Expecting something more-than-average wacky , I was surprised by what we found .
Presumably the same sun was shining upon little Drew also , and those who had kidnapped him .
But where ? ?
Hub was sitting in a chair that blocked the hall door .
What remained lacked the original verve but it was at least dignified , as befitting the tragic circumstances .
Hub , nosing about , spotted reporters in the lobby , so Andy was hustled away quietly through the hotel's service entrance in a strange car which Hub had procured somewhere .
But in his dressing room was a large bouquet and a card that read , `` We're with you all the way '' .
Bake was waiting to report that Lou DuVol had been sobered up to the point where he could function efficiently .
Skolman isn't going to like it much , though , giving away what he should be selling '' .
Skolman wasn't the only one who didn't care for Andy's scheme .
`` What about them '' ? ?
Didn't they tell you what I wanted the p. a. system for '' ? ?
What do you expect to get tonight , anyway ? ?
Or have a sign on his car that says , ' Here Comes the Paxton Kidnapper ' '' ? ?
`` I can't stop you from doing what you think is right .
`` What you don't understand is that I'm asking for it now '' .
When no one smiled , he felt constrained to add , `` Just kidding , natch '' .
It was what they said before every performance but tonight it sounded different , as if he really needed it .
Here's where luck would normally step in .
Within this framework , what followed was strained , even macabre .
He sensed rather than heard the gasp that swept across the audience .
But when he was finally through , their scorn was made apparent .
At this moment , all he could think of was what he'd been forced to undergo .
Do you know what they think of me '' ? ?
`` Who needs them '' ? ?
God knows how , but I got it .
`` Why not '' ? ?
Why won't you accept facts ? ?
The two kids were together a lot , they were having some kind of teen-age affair -- God knows how far that had gone -- and the kid's crippled .
He limps , and the man who hit you and took the cane , he limped .
My God , how much more do you want '' ? ?
She was wearing a brown cotton dress , cut across the hips in a way that was supposed to make her look slimmer , a yoke set into the skirt and flaring pleats below .
`` Why on earth did I send him off to work ? ?
I'm all alone and certain things are going on that look very ominous .
He couldn't see the grin that split her mouth ; ;
the teeth that shone into the phone were like a shark's .
I'd think that you even more than I would be wondering what they're up to .
`` What '' ? ?
Once out in the street , the traffic was a gadfly maze in which he wandered stricken .
When he turned into the highway that led to the outskirts of the city and then rose toward home , he had to pull over to the curb and wait for a few minutes , sucking in air and squinting and blinking his eyes to clear them of tears .
What on earth was in Mae's mind , that she wanted him up there spying on what the cops were doing ? ?
What did she think he could do ? ?
He tried to ignore what his own common sense told him , but it wasn't possible ; ;
Though his inner thoughts cringed at it , he forced himself to think back , recreating the scene in which Mae claimed to have caught him molesting the child .
Well , it hadn't been what it seemed , he'd had no idea the girl was in there .
And when he came to examine the scene , there was a certain staginess to it , it had the smell of planning , and a swift suspicion darted into his mind .
But he couldn't imagine where .
He could tell them his fears of being involved , he could explain what had happened in the old neighborhood and how Mae had misunderstood and how she had held it over him -- the scene was complete in his mind at the moment , even to his own jerkings and snivelings , and Ferguson's silent patience .
It wasn't what Mae would want him to do , though .
What was that old sign , supposed to be painted over a door somewhere , Abandon hope , all ye who enter here ? ?
Why , Holden said to himself , surprised at his own sudden insight , I'll bet some of those people who enter are just as happy as can be .
She had caught him off guard , no preparation , nothing certain but that ahead lay some kind of disaster .
What do you '' --
Tell me what this is all about '' .
Holden noticed almost absently how she chewed , how the whole side of her cheek moved , a slab of fat that extended down into her neck .
You're going to have to go to the police and explain what happened .
When he had finished with that , he would go to another part of the hotel and say much the same things to someone else , most probably a busboy .
These included , as one , Mr. and Mrs. Anthony Payne , who had checked in a little after noon the day before , and had not checked out together .
The King Arthur offered respectable and convenient lodgings to people from the suburbs who wanted to see a show and didn't want -- heaven knew didn't want ! !
Failing to find what was wanted , as was most likely , check out other guests , with special -- but not exclusive -- attention to those with rooms on the street .
( Anyone active enough can reach a roof , wherever his room may be .
Anybody carrying anything that might hide a rifle ? ?
Who measures ? ?
There had also been a man who must have had St. Vitus or something , because he kept jerking his head .
As reports dribbled in , William Weigand tossed them into the centrifuge which had become his head .
pass word when there was word to pass .
Only those actually with Payne when he was shot , or who had left the party within not more than five minutes ( make five arbitrary ) positively had none .
They had been with Payne when he was shot , could not therefore have shot him from above .
Intangibles entered , then -- hunches which felt like facts .
But -- hunch , now -- Willings would not ambush anything which went on two legs instead of four .
Ambushes are laid by those who doubt themselves , as any man may against a tiger .
The boy had , apparently -- if Mrs. MacReady was right in what she had told Mullins -- only in recent months been forced to give up college , to work as a busboy .
`` Send out a pickup on Mrs. Mason and the boy when you've got enough to go on '' , Bill said .
that what he had said was no more than one of those things one does say , lightly , meaning nothing .
Which probably would turn out to be true ; ;
which he obviously had to be given the opportunity to say .
When Siamese cats are intertwined it is difficult to tell where one leaves off and another begins .
On the other hand , they , or it , seemed to have no legs whatever .
It was not , whatever tale was told by tails .
That was more like a thought , but not a great deal more .
Had that tall dark boy , carrying trays too heavy for him , found what he might have considered adulation of a man he probably hated more than he could bear ? ?
And possessed himself -- how ? ?
Some people have luck and some have no luck and that , whatever people who prefer order say , is the size of it .
What '' ? ?
`` They won't talk about who gave the information .
`` He's just heard from the pathologist who says Mrs. Meeker apparently died from suffocation '' .
However likely it was , Pauling said , he couldn't limit himself to it .
Madden , with his investigation centered on the fraud , said that tomorrow he would go to the Bronx bank through which Mrs. Meeker's checks to Johnston had cleared .
Then he asked to use the phone and called Brian Thayer , who said that he was just leaving to keep a lunch date but would be home by two o'clock .
The secretary's tone indicated that an appointment at such short notice was a concession for which Madden should be duly grateful .
He disliked Garth on sight , conservative clothes and haircut , smile a shade too earnestly boyish for a man who must be well into his thirties , handclasp too consciously quick and firm .
Garth was prepared to be helpful in what he referred to with fastidious distaste as this unfortunate Johnston affair , which would not , he said more than once , have ever come about if Mrs. Meeker had only seen fit to consult Mr. Hohlbein or him about it .
She wanted to make a more equitable distribution of it among the groups that would benefit the most ; ;
At the time the will was drawn Mr. Hohlbein mentioned to me how mentally alert she seemed for her age , knowing just what changes she wanted made and so forth '' .
She always did before , and showed the utmost confidence in whatever we advised '' .
It would have been Hohlbein who handled her affairs .
He skimmed over the millions that went to Meeker Park , Medfield Hospital , the civic center , the Public Health Nursing Association , the library , and so on , pausing when he came to the scholarship fund .
Two millions were added to what had been set aside for it in Mrs. Meeker's lifetime , and the proviso made that as long as Brian Thayer continued to discharge his duties as administrator of the fund to the satisfaction of the board of trustees ( hereinafter appointed by the bank administering the estate ) he was to be retained in his present capacity at a salary commensurate with the increased responsibilities enlargement of the fund would entail .
Madden took up this point with Garth , who shrugged it off .
`` Well , she had a number of them where money was concerned '' , Garth said .
There was no telling how she'd react to spending money '' .
But he didn't play golf , didn't seem to belong to any local clubs -- his work took him away a lot , of course -- which probably accounted for his tendency to keep to himself .
He said that he had already told the police chief that he didn't know what insurance man had recommended Johnston to Mrs. Meeker .
but for all his air of affluence , who could tell what his private financial picture was ? ?
in Medfield , perhaps twenty-five less , not all of it paid by Thayer , who could charge off one room on his expense account .
To begin the interview , he asked if Thayer , with more time to think it over , could add to what he had said the other day about Johnston .
Because that's what you're doing -- wrecking it , wrecking it , wrecking it '' ! !
Where is he '' ? ?
`` Why , I'm not fit to touch the hem of her garment '' .
`` What happened to your head '' ? ?
Griffith was trying to clear his head of the champagne fuzz that encased it .
`` I'll show you how wrong you are .
`` Where are they '' ? ?
`` Where is that '' ? ?
So why don't you be a good boy and '' --
If you want to spend another day in the State Department -- another day -- you get in there and tell that captain what I told you '' .
The way Hoag was , no telling what he might say or do .
`` Yes , what is it '' ? ?
`` Why not '' ? ?
the prime minister knew who his enemy was here ; ;
But Hoag had not stayed on the front steps when Griffith disappeared into the building .
But what ? ?
How was he to suspect that an assassin had been lurking somewhere across the street waiting for just such a chance ? ?
Where across the street ? ?
Where was Muller waiting with the rifle ? ?
that made it doubtful as the hiding place of a man whose plans had to be made in advance .
He went on to the next building and found what he expected -- the mingled cooking aromas of a public vestibule .
Now what ? ?
This was senseless -- he had no idea what to look for .
What was he to do now ? ?
He walked up to the lieutenant's office , leaned wearily against the gun rack that housed four rifles and a gas gun nobody remembered having used and a submachine gun that was occasionally tried out on the Academy Range .
He stared at the clerk who sat at a scarred and ancient fumed-oak desk stuffing envelopes .
Gun went to the connecting door , which was open , and stood at attention while Orville Torrence Killpath , in full uniform , finished combing his hair .
He sat stiff-backed in a chair that did not swivel , though it was obvious to Gun that Killpath felt his position as acting captain plainly merited a swivel chair .
It was the posture which the men had come to recognize as that of Killpath defying his ulcer .
`` Do you have any idea who might have been in charge at the time '' ? ?
`` What if I said nobody was here but a couple of patrolmen '' ? ?
But stupidity was no consolation when it had rank .
`` I might point out that your inability to report to my office this morning when you were instructed to do so has not ah limited my knowledge of your activities as you may have hoped '' .
But for some fool reason he couldn't remember which men he'd put on the transfer detail .
He sucked in his breath and kept quiet while Killpath laid down the sheet again , wound the gold-wire stems of his glasses around his ears and then , eying the report as it lay before him on the desk , intoned , `` Acting Lieutenant Gunnar Matson one failed to see that the station keeper was properly relieved two absented himself throughout the entire watch without checking on the station's activities or the whereabouts of his section sergeants three permitted members of the Homicide Detail of the Inspector's Bureau to arrogate for their own convenience a patrolman who was thereby prevented from carrying on his proper assignment four failed to notify the station commander Acting Captain O. T. Killpath of a homicide occurring in the district five frequented extralegal establishments known as after-hours spots for purposes of an unofficial and purportedly social nature and six '' -- he leaned back and peeled off his glasses `` -- failed to co-operate with the Acting Captain by returning promptly when so ordered .
What have you to say to that , Sergeant '' ? ?
I would have been negligent and a goddam lousy cop to boot , if I'd sat around this station all night when somebody got away with murder in my district .
It's too bad I didn't call you , and it's too bad I let Schaeffer use Accacia when he could have had a boy who'd be glad to learn something of Homicide procedure .
It was the best he could hope for on a watch that had ended with a session in Killpath's office .
Now , as he passed the open counter that divided the assembly room from the business office , he nodded and said good night to the station keeper and his clerks , not stopping to hear the day-watch playback of his chewing out .
Not that he gave a damn what the grapevine sent out about Killpath's little speech on the comportment of platoon commanders .
It was nine o'clock in the morning : the hour which , like a spade turning clods of earth , exposed to the day a myriad of busy creatures that had lain dormant in the quiet night .
Mission Street at this hour was populated by a whole community that Gun could not have seen on his tour of duty -- the neighborhood that had known Urbano Quintana by day .
Mr. Phillips had only to signal from his doorway to summon aid from the ubiquitous bilingual children who played on the sidewalks of Mission Street .
Aside from the fact that business was slow this time of year and his one salesgirl was not the most enterprising , Mr. Phillips had no worries at all , and he said as much to Gun Matson , who sat across from him in civilian clothes , on a Jiffy-Couch-a-Bed , mauve velour , $79.89 nothing-down special ! !
You can't tell a customer how much it's going to cost him to refinance his payments before he even signs for a loan on the money down ! !
A time plan is a mere convenience , you understand , and when '' -- He interrupted himself , smiling .
`` Why don't you just hire somebody else '' ? ?
`` I asked her why she couldn't do it tomorrow , but it seems the muse is working good tonight and she's afraid to let it go '' .
He was perhaps thirty-two , nicely set up , with light brown hair that had a pronounced wave .
He was always well groomed and well tailored , and he had that rich man's look which was authentic enough and came from two good prep schools and a proper university .
An only child , he had done all the things that young men do who have been born to money and social position until his father double-crossed him by dying broke .
All this went through Casey's mind in the first instant , but what held his interest was the fact that these two should be together at all .
`` Where did you pick him up '' ? ?
Casey kept his smile fixed , but some small inner disturbance was working on him as he thought again about Needham , who was eight or ten years older than the girl .
As he went out he told Freddie the dinner was perfect , and when he got his hat and coat from Nancy Parks and put a fifty-cent piece in the slot , he told her to be sure that it went toward her dowry .
A taxi took him back to the bar and grill where he had left his car , and a few minutes later he found a parking place across the street from his apartment .
Only then , when his glance focused on the divan and saw that it was empty , did he remember his earlier problem .
Even from where he stood he could see the neatly folded blanket that he had spread over Burton , the pillow , the sheet of paper on top of it .
The wastebasket stood near the wall next to the divan , and the instant Casey picked it up he knew what had happened .
He put the basket down distastefully , muttering softly and thoroughly disgusted with himself and his plan that had seemed so foolproof .
For he remembered too well how he had brought back the loaded drinks to Burton and then returned to the kitchen to get weaker drinks for himself .
For another second or two he gave in to the annoyance that was directed at himself ; ;
He thought : Where the hell could he have gone ? ?
How can I find him ? ?
Maybe he only intended to scare the blackmailer , whoever he was , in which case an unloaded gun would be good enough .
Casey heard the voice distinctly and he knew who it was , but it took him a while to make the mental readjustment and control the disturbance inside his head .
When he heard Calenda say : `` What about that picture you took this afternoon '' ? ?
`` What picture '' ? ?
`` Who says so '' ? ?
Calenda was not the sort who walked around without one of his `` boys '' close at hand .
`` Who says it's going to be published '' ? ?
Under normal circumstances Casey was a little fussy when people told him what to do with pictures he had taken .
Even so , he generally listened and was usually reasonable to those who voiced their objections properly .
Right now , however , he was still too worried about Jerry Burton , and the gun that had no bullets , and the story Burton had told him , to care too much about Tony Calenda .
`` Maybe you'd better tell the guy who hired you what I said '' .
`` But I meant what I said , Casey .
He called the bar and grill where he had picked Burton up that afternoon .
When he was told that no one had seen Burton since then , he thought of three other places that were possibilities .
And anyway Burton was not the kind of guy who would be likely to get in trouble even when he was drunk .
So what ? ?
He had just finished unlacing the right one when the telephone rang again .
When he snatched it up the voice that came to him was quick and urgent .
Some of them came from people who identified themselves .
He did not bother with his radio -- there would be time for that later -- but as he scrambled out on the pavement he saw the filling station and the public telephone booth and knew instantly how he had been summoned .
Poet nodded , swung below and a moment later emerged from the forward hatch where he picked up the anchor .
They had all been laughing , joking , when suddenly the engine had failed .
`` Why do you need an arsenal '' ? ?
For a while Nick followed the twisting course of the bubbles , wondering which set came from Elaine .
Nick recalled stories that the two best fishing spots in Southern California were over the La Jolla Deep and the Redondo Deep , two spots where the ocean dropped off to fantastic depths almost from the shoreline .
Why , he wondered , had Elaine wanted him along on this trip ? ?
Strolling down to the galley , he lit the butane under the coffee pot and when the brew was heated , poured himself a cup and went up to the chartroom .
`` Which is a break as the area to search is less than a square mile '' , she added as she swung her legs over the transom .
But the murderer to whom he clung had a tremendous advantage .
Poet would escape , Nick thought grimly , because he wore the apparatus which would keep him alive under water .
A sharp pain lanced across Nick's chest and a bubble of air escaped from his tortured lungs , joining dozens of others that sailed lazily toward the surface like helium balloons rising into the sky .
Relentlessly , Nick held on , sucking on the hose , inhaling the air that belonged to Poet .
`` Never could figure out why you ever wanted to be a cop , Jed .
Man , when my 275 pounds and six-four comes along , why it's the same as another badge .
When I say move , a guy moves '' ! !
Who was the murdered woman Mrs. Buck '' ? ?
`` Okay , what happened '' ? ?
Tim come with the migratory workers that follow the crops up from the South last year , but Tim and his wife settled here .
Don't know why the County had to send anybody up here .
Nellie was in the kitchen , had just come to work , when she heard Tim arguing with Julia in the living room .
Then he said , `` Never noticed it before I mean , when she was dressed but for a woman her age , Julia had a real fine figure '' .
Five racing minutes later we pulled into the driveway of this typical two-story house , and when the Jaguar stopped I managed to swallow .
She calmly repeated what Moore had told me .
When I asked , `` Why didn't you go into the living room to see how Mrs. Buck was '' ? ?
`` Have you any idea what this Tim and Mrs. Buck were arguing about '' ? ?
Years ago when I asked her to put me in Social Security , so's I wouldn't have to be working now , Miss Julia threatened to fire me -- all because it would mean a few more dollars a year to her '' .
I told Moore , `` Where does Tim's wife live '' ? ?
Listen , Mr. Inspector , no matter what anybody say , my Tim didn't kill that woman ! !
`` We'll get him soon , see what he says '' , Chief Moore cut in .
I asked a silly question : `` You've no idea where your husband could be , now '' ? ?
Chief Moore said , `` If I don't see you when I return , see you for certain at my road block , Inspector '' .
As I was walking back to the Police Station , which was in the same building with the City Hall and Post Office , I saw Mrs. Tim Williams sneaking into the back of my car .
You know where Tim is , don't you , Mrs. Williams '' ? ?
I want you to go to Pearson City and find out why -- first-hand stuff for your modern crime series .
`` Why not ? ?
To the hotel people , you'll just be an innocent tourist who happens to ask for that particular suite '' .
`` For what '' ! !
Interview the bellboy and chambermaid who waited on Beauclerk .
`` That is exactly what I'm hoping for .
So did the firm of lawyers who had got her the divorce , Kimball and Stacy .
Stacy replied that it would bankrupt Forbes , who had just sunk all his money in a real estate venture .
When Alec finished reading he was sure that either Forbes or Stacy had killed Diana Beauclerk .
Two women , who had been chattering like parrots , were struck dumb .
There were three -- one leading to a bathroom , one to the hall , and one to the room next door which was immovable -- locked or bolted on the other side .
Not gray like the dust that collects in an unused room , but white .
Blood in the bathtub where the murderer appears to have washed his hands .
He never knew just what woke him .
When the neon sign faded out , the shadow disappeared .
When the neon sign flashed on , the shadow was still there .
He put everything he had into the next and aimed down where the stomach ought to be .
Nor would he choose a respectable hotel as the scene for a killing when it would be so much safer to take his victim for a one-way ride on a lonely country road .
`` What are you doing here '' ? ?
His lips were bruised and swollen where Alec had hit him .
But you realize , I am sure , how much old deeds incite to new ones , and you must forgive me if I tell you first of the old ones .
`` Sister '' , said he `` do you think people who commit suicide go to heaven '' ? ?
What has this to do with the present ? ?
You must know what gets into people , even such as Red and Handley , before you can tell what comes out of them .
That's why I beg you not to forget him .
And isn't it true that you get a deeper perception about a man and his motives when you know what it is he knows ? ?
So what I am trying to tell you is the ' why ' -- that is my point -- and that concerns the spirit of the matter .
There is an inwardness and a luster to old furniture ( look at that mahogany highboy behind you ) which has a provocative emanation , if I may say so .
When you hold the spirit of a thing , then somehow you know the truth -- you know a fake antique from the real thing .
And the truth is what you've come for , is it not ? ?
Now , Dogtown is one of those places that creeps into the marrow as worms get into old wood , under the veneer .
In fact , all the folk who lived on the back of Cape Ann , they are not just like others .
Just think of old Granther Stannard who pulled the teeth of Dark Younger ( her real name was Dorcas ) , and because he bungled the job and left two protruding tusks she put such a hex on him that he thought his legs were made of glass .
Those who lived in that desolation of rocky deformity took on some of the moraine's stony character .
Scientists say it is the last spewings of a great glacier , but one rather feels that only a malevolent giant could have piled up those crouching monsters of granite which still seem to preserve a sort of suspended , ominous life in them .
It's perhaps a mile from here where we sit .
What should one say ? ?
Why , that's what gave me the feeling , gave me as-it-were the spirit , the demoniac , evil spirit of this whole affair .
No , I don't hold with those who live entirely among dead things .
I know as well as the next man that a ship is called from the rigging she carries , where the live wind blows , and not from the hull .
Some ten years ago that page was torn out , I don't know by whom .
( When you see him , you'll notice his habit of fingering , I might almost say , stroking a large mole with black hairs on it , by his right temple .
He is the sort who , with an appraising eye , would cross the street to help a strange woman on to a bus and then pinch her .
When I told him someone had torn it out , he shouted .
During the quarrel I learned what the trouble was , from the accusations each hurled at the other .
Both men knew it was in the Norberg family holdings , but to which of the cousins did it belong , Anta or Freya ? ?
Fortunately , I knew almost exactly what the will had said .
After the usual Honorable Sirs , it went on to say that there had been set off to the widow one full third part of the real estate of the deceased Salu Norberg , one lower room , on the Western side , privileges to the well and bake-oven and to one third of the cellar ( I can show you the cellar when we go up ) , also one Cow Right , and lastly they set off to the widow her own land that she brought with her as dower , namely the Beech Pasture .
I wish you could have seen the crests fall on these two sparring coxcombs when I told them that obviously the pasture belonged to their wives jointly .
Rabbits , too , if you care for them , which most of the folk around here haven't the sense to appreciate .
No , he didn't have his gun , which he should have .
I myself had been up there by seven o'clock , after mushrooms , since there'd been a week of rain which had stopped early that morning and the day was as clear as Sandwich glass .
That's what the man had said .
Eyes that were clear , but also bright with a strange intensity , a sort of cold fire burning behind them .
Why hadn't he noticed it before ? ?
He wondered how he got tied up with this stranger .
Actually , he regretted having opened his mouth when the truck came to a stop and the angry driver jumped down from the cab and walked back toward them .
Now he recalled it very clearly , and wondered what the truck driver had seen in those eyes to make him back off .
It must have been the sort of look that can call a bluff without saying a word .
When the light went their way , they went on across the street .
And when the stranger found out that Phil was on the way to one of his favorite bars , he insisted on offering to buy drinks for both of them .
When he finally got the coughing under control , he realized that Pete ( all he gave was his first name ) was still waiting for an answer -- he didn't even seem to wink as he continued to stare .
Why don't they tell me themselves if it bothers them '' ? ?
When he looked up again , he seemed almost contented .
The next day , Sunday , the hangover reminded Haney where he had been the night before .
His spine crawled with a foreboding premonition as he asked one of his fellow tenants what had happened .
Nobody witnessed the fall -- just the sickening impact when his body smashed on the pavement just outside the basement delivery entrance .
He muttered something about how terrible it was , and walked with deliberate slowness to the elevator .
After a while he began to feel better about it , especially when no one bothered to ask any questions .
But after all , why should they ? ?
So you thought I didn't mean what I said .
However , Haney knew it was not a dream .
He might be very tight , but he knew where he was .
It was the same bar , and it was two weeks later -- Saturday night , when he had an excuse to drink heavier than usual .
He hadn't even noticed -- what was his name ? ?
He began to wish that he hadn't shouted that other evening when the truck bore down through the crossing .
In time , and two drinks later , he was complaining bitterly about his wife , He was on the subject for ten minutes or so when he noticed the renewed interest in his listener -- it showed in the alert face and the suddenly bright eyes .
When he paused to moisten his throat , the stranger broke in .
`` But why pay her bills ? ?
If she runs around with other men , and if you hate her as you say , why not just divorce her '' ? ?
That's why I -- why I do a free job now and then .
Haney felt a twinge of annoyance when he heard the now familiar line again .
Suppose -- just suppose this guy was really what he said he was ! !
I always work it that way -- and always at a time when the customer has an alibi .
Jist stay where you are '' .
I jist stayed where I was while he fumbled around and then walked away .
It was a big room , empty except for a few things of Pops's at the far end -- a wooden crate on which stood the candle , a spread out blanket , and an unrolled bindle .
I know where he is , right near here .
When yuh come back I'll put it out agin till you're both inside '' .
I bought another pint of sherry and when we got back Pops let us in in the dark , put back the blanket and then lighted the candle again .
I was reminded , amusedly , by a poem of Kenneth Patchen's called The Murder of Two Men by a Young Kid Wearing Lemon Colored Gloves , which Patchen himself read on a record against jazz background .
He seemed as drunk as when I'd first talked to him , but no drunker .
About halfway through the second bottle , Charlie looked at me across Pops , who was sitting between us and asked `` Now '' ? ?
When he handed it back and I had hold of it safely , Pops was looking toward me and I said `` Now '' , to Charlie and he swung the short length of lead pipe he'd meanwhile taken from his pocket , once .
and he'd never known what hit him -- he'd never known that anything had hit him .
That way we'll never know which of us really killed him and which was just the accomplice .
And we'll never know which .
`` How do you feel '' ? ?
`` What do you feel '' ? ?
Here's the picture we want to leave for the fuzz -- whenever the body gets found .
How about you '' ? ?
Our hypothetical other bum who killed him would have turned out his pockets .
The candle had been stuck on a tin lid so it wouldn't set fire to the crate when it guttered out .
Which , if it matters , was one A.M. .
How safe is too safe ? ?
An hour later we were back in my unpadded pad , killing what had been left of the second pint .
We planned ahead only one step , a rendezvous for tomorrow when we could swap notes .
I'd brought along the virgin pint from last night , but we were going to kill that only when we were through talking .
He'd been there several times , back when , while he and Radic had been friends , or at least not enemies .
it was not quite six o'clock when we finished and Charlie said , `` Well , I guess that's it .
Shall we flip a coin to see which of us goes first ? ?
Or would you rather deal a hand of show-down poker or play a game of gin rummy , or what '' ? ?
Mike stopped to cherish all his brother selves , the many threes-fulfilled on Mars , corporate and discorporate , the precious few on Earth -- the unknown powers of three on Earth that would be his to merge with and cherish now that at last long waiting he grokked and cherished himself .
there was much to grok , loose ends to puzzle over and fit into his growing -- all that he had seen and heard and been at the Archangel Foster Tabernacle ( not just cusp when he and Digby had come face to face alone ) why Bishop Senator Boone made him warily uneasy , how Miss Dawn Ardent tasted like a water brother when she was not , the smell of goodness he had incompletely grokked in the jumping up and down and wailing --
he studied them , compared them with what he had been taught as a nestling , struggling to bridge between languages , the one he thought with and the one he was learning to think in .
The word `` church '' which turned up over and over again among Jubal's words gave him knotty difficulty ; ;
there was no Martian concept to match it -- unless one took `` church '' and `` worship '' and `` God '' and `` congregation '' and many other words and equated them to the totality of the only world he had known during growing-waiting then forced the concept back into English in that phrase which had been rejected ( by each differently ) by Jubal , by Mahmoud , by Digby .
Where is everybody '' ? ?
`` Come on , there's some cold chicken and we'll see what else '' .
Jubal said that his night-sight probably came from the conditions in which he had grown up , and Mike grokked this was true but grokked that there was more to it ; ;
What are they doing on Mars '' ? ?
In the other hemisphere it is growing colder and nymphs , those who stayed alive through the summer , are being brought into nests for quickening and more growing '' .
Their meditations were approaching a violent cusp that would shape Martian art for many millennia .
A Tibetan swami from Palermo , Sicily , announced in Beverly Hills a newly discovered , ancient yoga discipline for ripple breathing which increased both pranha and cosmic attraction between sexes .
Where do I start '' ? ?
Jubal did not hear of Digby's disappearance when it was announced , and , when he did , while he had a fleeting suspicion , he dismissed it ; ;
if Mike had had a finger in it , he had gotten away with it -- and what happened to supreme bishops worried Jubal not at all as long as he wasn't bothered .
Jubal deduced what had happened but did not know with whom -- and didn't want to inquire .
This continued most of the week following that ill-starred trip to church , during which period Mike stayed in his room and usually in a trance so deep that Jubal would have pronounced him dead had he not seen it before .
However , we sent a third vessel out , a much smaller and faster one than the first two .
`` That it had found a planet on which human beings could live and which was already inhabited by sentient beings '' ! !
`` How did you know '' ? ?
How could they not ? ?
I still bear scars on my back where Pornsen , my gapt , whipped me because I had not learned my lessons well enough .
As I grew older and was promoted , so was he , always where I was .
He was the dormitory gapt when I went to college and thought I was getting away from him .
No , not he , for I , and I alone , am responsible for whatever happens to me .
I can't tell you now the distance in lightyears or what star this was , though you can see it with the naked eye at night in this hemisphere .
If you volunteer , you will be told where you're going after the ship leaves .
In his great and glorious wisdom , he knew that our enemies the Israelites must not be able to read therein what we planned '' .
Australia , the Philippine Islands , Japan , and northern China were inhabited by those members of the Haijac Union that spoke American .
His mind turned the globe swiftly for him , and he visualized Africa , which used Swahili south of the Sahara Sea .
Neither nation would give up their claim on it , yet neither wished to make any move that might lead to a second Apocalyptic War .
Its citizens spoke all of the world's surviving tongues , plus a new one called Lingo , a pidgin whose vocabulary was derived from the other six and whose syntax was so simple it could be contained on half a sheet of paper .
Here the peoples spoke the tongue of Iceland because that island had gotten the jump on the Hawaiian-Americans who were busy resettling North America and the western half of South America after the Apocalyptic War .
Then there was North America , where American was the native speech of all except the twenty descendants of French-Canadians living on the Hudson Bay Preserve .
Hal knew that when that side of Earth rotated into the night zone , Sigmen City would blaze out into space .
Her friends and professional associates would sympathize with her , not because she had lost a beloved husband , but because she had been married to a man who thought unrealistically .
She would have a year in which to make up her mind , to choose a mate from a list selected by her gapt .
Perhaps , the psychological barriers that had prevented her from conceiving Hal's child would no longer be present .
No matter who the candidate for marriage selected by the gapt
`` How wonderful to see your cherished self .
They would sleep while the Gabriel's drive would increase the acceleration to a point which the unfrozen bodies of the personnel could not have endured .
Upon reaching the desired speed , the automatic equipment would cut off the drive , and the silent but not empty vessel would hurl towards the star which was its journey's end .
And , in the half-year left before reaching their destination , the men would carry out whatever preparations were needed .
The expedition that had discovered Ozagen had succeeded in correlating two thousand Siddo words with an equal number of American words .
His duty was to write a school text and to teach the entire personnel of the Gabriel how to speak Ozagen .
What Gabriel was being asked to do now , however , was to re-examine all his basic assumptions , make value-judgments on them , and give them new and different powers in his mind to govern his motives .
( Or , perhaps , especially in an Angel , whose assumptions had mostly been fixed millions of years ago .
Being reasonably sure of the reason for the long pause , however , did not make it seem any less long to Jack .
individually they are nearly as mortal as you -- the difference does not seem very marked to us , where it exists .
Jack , what is the nature of this concept '' ? ?
`` It's a kind of agreement in which each party gives something to the other '' , Jack said .
`` We regard it as fair only when each party feels that what he has received is as valuable , or more valuable , than what he has given '' .
When it is done between races or nations , it is called making a treaty .
Visiting the Earth would not be an offering of worth to those of us who are older '' .
`` All the more reason , then '' , Jack said , `` why we must have a treaty .
What Gabriel was asking was that mankind forego all its parochial moral judgments , and contract to let the Angels serve on Earth as it is in Heaven regardless of the applicable Earth laws .
The Angels in turn would exercise similar restraints in respect for the natural preferences and natures of the Earthmen -- but they had no faintest notion of man's perverse habit of passing and enforcing laws which were contrary to his own preferences and violations of his nature .
Furthermore , even the highly trained law clerk who was a part of Jack's total make-up could not understand how the principle could ever be codified .
For a moment he could make no sense at all of what he saw .
`` Where ? ?
The skiff was not heading for the nursery , however .
But where was it going ? ?
And why was it causing so much agitation among the Angels , and being followed by so many of them ? ?
The curve on the card the computer spat back at him couldn't be argued with , however .
The skiff was headed for the very center of the nebula -- toward that place which , Jack knew now , could hold nothing less important than the very core of the Angel's life and religion .
Langer would have to be headed off , whether he knew where he was going or not .
When he was back on his feet again and about to reinstall the fuses , however , he hesitated .
But fusion power in the Coal Sack was what had triggered all the trouble in the first place -- and he already had an Angel aboard .
Without an instant's transition , the green light that meant full fusion power winked on the board .
He didn't say what would cure him ; ;
he had been explaining all during the trip what he needed to make him feel like himself .
They lay months away from the nearest Earth star by jump drive , and no one knew what they were good for , although it was felt that they would probably be good for something if it could only be discovered -- much like the continent of Antarctica in ancient history .
`` How can a planet with so many neighbors be so lonely '' ? ?
`` What will we need outside , Ryan '' ? ?
`` I heard a story once about a rookie who got excited when the captain stepped outside and he couldn't get an encephalographic reading on him .
Remember , when the little hand is straight up that's negative .
Positive results start when it goes towards the hand you use to make your mark '' .
Ryan told him what he could do then .
Actually , the types of infection that could attack a warm-blooded mammal were not infinite , and over the course of the last few hundred years adequate defenses had been found for all basic categories .
`` What shall we do with this one ? ?
What killed them '' ? ?
`` It looks like we did , when we made blastdown '' .
`` But what about our landing was lethal to the creatures '' ? ?
`` Suppose it was not us that killed these aliens .
Yet he knew the others were sleeping more soundly , now that they had renewed their contact with the matter that had birthed them to send them riding high vacuum .
But what was there to do ? ?
What had changed for him ? ?
Over the years , he had had buddies in space in whom he thought he could confide .
Where the hell did he get off threatening to report any laxness on their part to the captain ? ?
A man with insomnia had better avoid bad dreams of that kind if he knew what was good for him .
It took him a few seconds to put his thoughts in order , and then he got up from the bunk where he had been resting , sleeplessly .
What did you do with them '' ? ?
`` Do with what '' ? ?
`` What are you talking about , Ryan ? ?
What do you think I did with them '' ? ?
`` Where do you get off , Ryan '' ? ?
`` Why pick me for your patsy ? ?
Why accuse a shipmate of being behind this '' ? ?
`` What could I do with your lousy dead bodies ? ?
What would I want with them '' ? ?
`` All I know is that you were outside the bubbles last night , and you were the only sentient being who came in or out of our alarm web .
Why do you have to jump me the first time something goes wrong ? ?
Soon they all were removed to Central Laboratory School where their delicate transformation began .
As she matured , more and more neural synapses would be adjusted to operate other mechanisms that went into the maintenance and running of a space ship .
For Helva was destined to be the `` brain '' half of a scout ship , partnered with a man or a woman , whichever she chose , as the mobile half .
As long as her development within her shell lived up to expectations , and there were no side-effects from the pituitary tinkering , Helva would live a rewarding , rich and unusual life , a far cry from what she would have faced as an ordinary , `` normal '' being .
However , no diagram of her brain patterns , no early I.Q. tests recorded certain essential facts about Helva that Central must eventually learn .
Most babes survived the techniques of pituitary manipulation that kept their bodies small , eliminating the necessity of transfers from smaller to larger shells .
And very , very few were lost when the final connection was made to the control panels of ship or industrial combine .
Shell people resembled mature dwarfs in size whatever their natal deformities were , but the well-oriented brain would not have changed places with the most perfect body in the Universe .
So , for happy years , Helva scooted around in her shell with her classmates , playing such games as Stall , Power-Seek , studying her lessons in trajectory , propulsion techniques , computation , logistics , mental hygiene , basic alien psychology , philology , space history , law , traffic , codes : all the et ceteras that eventually became compounded into a reasoning , logical , informed citizen .
One such group got all incensed over shelled `` children '' when Helva was just turning fourteen .
When they were forced to , Central Worlds shrugged its shoulders , arranged a tour of the Laboratory Schools and set the tour off to a big start by showing the members case histories , complete with photographs .
She had activated one of her microscopic tools which she would later use for minute repairs to various parts of her control panel .
`` Why , what a lovely voice you have '' , said one of the female visitors .
Although this was the first time that Helva had seen unshelled people , she took this experience calmly .
`` Well '' , remarked one gentleman who had been forced to accompany his wife , `` the good Lord can eat where angels fear to tread '' .
`` Are you referring , sir '' , asked Helva politely , `` to the Dark Age discussions of the number of angels who could stand on the head of a pin '' ? ?
`` Which you are programed to compute '' ? ?
`` We are directed to develop a sense of proportion , sir , which contributes the same effect '' .
She had , of course , been exposed to and enjoyed a music appreciation course which had included the better known classical works such as `` Tristan und Isolde '' , `` Candide '' , `` Oklahoma '' , `` Nozze de Figaro '' , the atomic age singers , Eileen Farrell , Elvis Presley and Geraldine Todd , as well as the curious rhythmic progressions of the Venusians , Capellan visual chromatics and the sonic concerti of the Altairians .
She would work out a method , by-passing her limitations , whereby she could sing .
She found herself able to sing any role and any song which struck her fancy .
When she awoke , she was the ship .
There were several missions which demanded instant attention but Helva had been of interest to several department heads in Central for some time and each man was determined to have her assigned to his section .
Mercer stammered , not knowing what B'dikkat meant , and the two-nosed man answered for him , `` I think he has a nice baby head , but it isn't big enough for you to take yet '' .
B'dikkat had turned to the next knot of people when the super-condamine hit Mercer .
It was foolish and snobbish to wear clothing when none of these nice people did .
He wondered how anyone could have the good luck to visit a planet as nice as this .
He rammed his mind into focus and said to the two ladies who lay pinkly nude beside him in the desert , `` That was a good bite .
Mercer wondered how long the super-condamine had lasted him .
The agonies of nerves and itching of skin were phenomena which happened somewhere near him , but meant nothing .
Having arrived he blinked sleepily and friendlily at them , and lapsed back into the restful stupor from which he had emerged .
He knew all the events which could take place on Shayol .
He tried to ask the Lady Da how long they had had the drug , and how much longer they would have to wait before they had it again .
The half-man lay on the ground , arteries pulsating prettily behind the half-transparent film which protected his abdominal cavity .
`` But you want to ask me when B'dikkat is going to come back with the needle '' .
That's why I think of plays .
We all know what is going to happen .
We all know when it is going to happen .
We all know what the dummies will do '' -- he gestured at the hummocks in which the decorticated men were cradled -- `` and we all know what the new people will ask .
But we never know how long a scene is going to take '' .
I mean we know the order in which things happen , but we have no clocks and nobody cares enough to count days or to make calendars and there's not much climate here , so none of us know how long anything takes .
Mercer did not know what an `` Earth-week '' was , since he had not been a well-read man before his conviction , but he got nothing more from the half-man at that time .
When Mercer looked on helplessly , the half-man twisted over on his side , his pink dusty back turned to Mercer , and wept hoarsely and quietly to himself .
Mercer himself could not tell how long it was before B'dikkat came back .
This time B'dikkat smiled pleasantly at the little head which had grown out of Mercer's thigh -- a sleeping child's head , covered with light hair on top and with dainty eyebrows over the resting eyes .
When B'dikkat cut the head from Mercer's thigh , he felt the knife grinding against the cartilage which held the head to his own body .
he felt the far , cool flash of unimportant pain , as B'dikkat dabbed the wound with a corrosive antiseptic which stopped all bleeding immediately .
Or was that after the torso and legs , waist to toe-tips , of the little girl which had grown from his side ? ?
The bodies in the truck threshed and bawled without human speech when the dromozoa struck them .
Only the memory of previous hurt , bewilderment and perplexity made him sure that if he did not ask B'dikkat when he , Mercer , was happy , the answer would no longer be available when he needed it .
Fighting pleasure itself , he begged B'dikkat to check the records and to tell him how long he had been there .
He spoke through the public address box built into the cabin , and his gigantic voice roared out over the empty plain , so that the pink herd of talking people stirred gently in their happiness and wondered what their friend B'dikkat might be wanting to tell them .
When he said it , they thought it exceedingly profound , though none of them understood it , since it was simply the amount of time that Mercer had been on Shayol :
The secret little corner of his mind , which stayed sane through happiness and pain , made him wonder about B'dikkat .
What persuaded the cow-man to remain on Shayol ? ?
What kept him happy without super-condamine ? ?
Was B'dikkat a crazy slave to his own duty or was he a man who had hopes of going back to his own planet some day , surrounded by a family of little cow-people resembling himself ? ?
The dromozoa kept him alive , but he did not know how they did it .
those who could talk declared it to be the breathing of Captain Alvarez .
Her statement was a hope , not a truth in which they could believe .
Mercer read it , and so had a few of the others , but they could not tell which man had done it .
Now I can only write , and that only when I get out of pain .
He certainly didn't want a wife who was fickle as Ann .
The best antidote for the bitterness and disappointment that poisoned him was hard work .
He had no idea how much time Budd would give him .
When , in late afternoon on the last day in June , he saw two people top the ridge to the south and walk toward the house , he quit work immediately and strode to his rifle .
When they were closer and he saw that one was a woman , he was more puzzled than ever .
They were dirty , their clothes were torn , and the girl was so exhausted that she fell when she was still twenty feet from the front door .
She had reached a point at which she didn't even care how she looked .
Besides , she had a sweet face that attracted him .
He stood looking down at her for a moment , wondering what could have reduced her to this condition .
Morgan returned to the kitchen , built a fire , and carried in several buckets of water from the spring which he poured into the copper boiler that he had placed on the stove .
`` Who are you and what happened to you '' ? ?
`` What are you doing here '' ? ?
Why didn't you go there '' ? ?
When the meal was ready , he told Jones to wash up , and going into the front room , woke the girl .
`` Who are you ? ?
How did we get here '' ? ?
She stared at him , her eyes wide as she thought about what he had said ; ;
Do you take in all the strays who come by '' ? ?
It's not much of a meal , but it's what I eat '' .
When they were finally satisfied , Jones said , `` I think he's going to give us work '' .
When he saw the expression in her eyes , he knew he couldn't send them on .
`` Which are you '' ? ?
He carried the tub from the back of the house where it hung from a nail in the wall .
He stopped , embarrassed , and Morgan said , `` I understand that , but I don't savvy why you'd go off and leave your jobs in the first place '' .
He was thinking of Rittenhouse and how he had left him there , to rock to death on the porch of the Splendide .
It was the only thing in his life for which he felt guilt .
I didn't understand why , Clay .
`` Do you mean '' -- he asked almost shyly -- `` you want me to go with you , wherever you're goin '' ? ?
And you wanted no part of me when I had so much to give .
When he had finished he led him and the mare to the porch .
`` Clay '' , he said , `` where are we goin '' ? ?
But California is where we're goin '' .
Two men , together like us , we could do somethin fine out there , maybe find a place where no one's ever been .
`` I made you what you are '' , Gavin whispered .
It looked as Gavin had first seen it years ago , on those nights when he slept alone by his campfire and waked suddenly to the hoot of an owl or the rustle of a blade of grass in the moon's wind -- a savage land , untenanted and brooding , too strong to be broken by the will of men .
The silence oppressed him , made him bend low over the horse's neck as if to hide from a wind that had begun to blow far away and was twisting slowly through the darkness in its slow search .
They passed ranches that were framed dark gray against the black hills .
A bold line of violet broke loose from the high ridge of the mountains , followed by feathers of red that swept the last stars from the sky .
That's what you wanted , isn't it ? ?
You see , he lied to us when he said he was leavin alone '' .
First he thought of the time he had ridden to Gavin and told him how his cattle were being rustled at the far end of the valley .
Then he thought of a time when Clayton's horse had fallen lame in the Gap .
He remembered Clayton's mocking smile in the saloon when he had asked him what he would do if they brought their cattle to water .
He fled through the door and down the steps , running , and the men grunted and followed , pushing Lester to one side where he backed against the wall with the sleeve of his jacket raised before his eyes to shut out the light .
When they turned in the saddle they could see the men behind them , strung out on the prairie in a flat black line .
he could feel more than hear the staccato beat of hoofs that fanned out across the prairie to the north .
He knew who was riding after him -- the men he had known all his life , the men who had worked for him , sworn their loyalty to him .
The land over which he sped was the land he had created and lived in : his valley .
With every leaping stride of the horse beneath him he crossed one more patch of earth that had been his , that he would never see again .
The Gap looming before him -- the place where had confronted Jack English on that day so many years ago -- was his exit from all that had meaning to him .
He was too old -- when he passed up and through the corridor of pines that lined the trail he could see ahead , he was passing from life .
He was thinking that the way she had responded to his own kiss hadn't meant what he had believed it had .
He might tell her how sorry a spectacle she was making of herself , pretending to be blind to the way Julia Fortune had taken Dean's affections from her .
But the luck that had been running their way left him .
`` Why not you '' ? ?
`` No telling how good this horse is '' , Mike panted .
Watch out for Apaches when it comes daylight .
That touched off a total stampede .
They bawled questions that were not answered in the uproar .
He crawled beneath the two supply wagons which stood between the buildings and peered around a corner .
An ammunition case stood open , containing canisters which contained powder cartridges .
Mike seized a blanket from a pallet in a corner , spread it on the floor and used it to form a bag in which he placed his booty .
One struck the muzzle of one of the rifles that projected from the shoulder pack .
A bullet tore the earth from beneath his foot when he was a stride or two from safety .
That halted the rush .
The guerrillas began a frantic search for pails in which to bring water from the spring .
But what few containers they found were inadequate .
`` So it wasn't the earthquake that made him return to his village '' ! !
God , what a world you people live in '' .
`` What would you have done in Montero's moccasins ? ?
That's why the British never got the tribes to fight for the King .
`` That's why this company's important .
That's why the Trust don't want us to make it .
As I dug in behind one of the bales we were using as protection , I grudgingly found myself agreeing with Oso's logic , especially when I imagined what would have happened to Missy if Old Knife's large party of screeching warriors had overrun our company .
Surprisingly , he had told the others what he had done .
What do we care '' ? ?
It was a relief when they finally came .
I'll shoot the first man who doesn't '' .
My God , how long is he going to wait , I thought .
What else he said was lost in the rattle of gunfire on all sides .
One of the warriors suddenly leaped to his feet and began running across the valley to the trees that lined the small creek .
He was riding between two warriors , who held him erect when he started to slump .
The horses were only several lengths away when he fired .
The pall of dust they raised made it difficult to see when the Aricaras charged again .
A small Indian dived at Montero , who caught him with a swift upward stroke of his rifle butt .
Now under me I could see him for what he really was , a boy dressed up in streaks of paint .
And make sure it's out when you leave in the morning '' .
It's bigger than it has to be , though I don't see where it's doing any harm .
Why should I ? ?
She glanced around the clearing , taking in the wagon and the load of supplies and trappings scattered over the ground , the two kids , the whiteface bull that was chewing its cud just within the far reaches of the firelight .
Then she turned back to Wilson and smiled , and he wasn't quite sure what she meant by it .
He stood watching the girl , wondering what was coming next .
I meant what I said about that fire .
Be sure it's out when you leave .
`` That quirt -- I ought to use it on you , where it would do the most good .
And he was handsome , despite the long thin scar that slanted across his cheek .
`` Who was that '' ? ?
It must have got there when you fell against me '' .
I don't know what goes on around here , and I don't care .
I don't know what makes you think you can get away with this kind of business , and I don't care about that , either .
But I'll know how to handle you next time '' .
But her prettiness was what he had noticed first , and all the other things had come afterward : cruelty , meanness , self-will .
He watched the girl until she had gone into the trees , and waited until he couldn't hear the sound of her horse any longer , then went up to where the children were sleeping .
They expected greater things from him , regardless of how trying the circumstances , and they were disappointed .
He found the pan where he had dropped it and carried it back down to the stream .
He scrubbed absent-mindedly at the pans and reflected on how things had turned out .
That afternoon when they had pulled up in front of the broken-down ranch house , his hopes had been high .
There was only one place where Jake Carwood's description had gone badly awry : the peace and quiet .
That girl last night , what was her name ? ?
There was an artificial lake just out of sight in the first stand of trees , fed by a half dozen springs that popped out of the ground above the hillside orchard .
The town was about what Wilson expected : one main street with its rows of false-fronted buildings , a water tower , a few warehouses , a single hotel ; ;
This impressed me , until I realized how limited was his sphere of influence .
When the phone rang he answered it .
He spoke to me in a gruff voice , an affectation which quite belied his personality .
When one of the men in the hall behind us spat on the floor and scraped his boot over the gob of spittle I noticed how the clerk winced .
) hung on a hook on the wall , and underneath it I could see his tie , knotted , ready to be slipped over his head , a black badge of frayed respectability that ought never to have left his neck .
On a shelf in the office behind the counter was a small radio dialed permanently on a station which broadcast only vulgar commercials and cheap popular music .
Once , pressing him , I learned that his job was only part-time , in the afternoons when nothing went on in the hall .
Noticing my disappointment he attempted to salvage what scraps and shreds of authority he felt might still be clinging to his person .
When he saw me coming he turned his radio off .
What limited knowledge he possessed he forced upon me .
They , and the two large fans which I could dimly see as daylight filtered through their vents , down at the far end of the hall , could be turned on by a master switch situated inside the office .
Now , here was something of obvious importance to me , yet when I reached for the tickets he snatched them away from my hand .
Later I would remember what this pompous little man had told me about the worth of a ticket .
When suitably lighted , what would it look like ? ?
By counting the number of stalls and urinals I attempted to form a loose estimate of how many men the hall would hold at one time .
For although I had crossed a corner of the hall on my way to the toilet I still could not tell for sure how far to the rear the darkness extended .
I knew that three or four of them were almost always present in the hall , but what they were doing , and exactly where , I could not tell .
It was , I felt , possible that they were men who , having received no tickets for that day , had remained in the hall , to sleep perhaps , in the corners farthest removed from the counter with its overhead light .
This light did not penetrate very far back into the hall , and my eyes were hindered rather than aided by the dim daylight entering through the fan vents when I tried to pick out whatever might be lying , or squatting , on the floor below .
And I had hardly finished my business in the toilet on the aforementioned occasion when the lights in that place , like the hall lights controlled from the switch in the office , flicked off and on impatiently .
I felt strongly attached to the hall , however , and hardly a day passed when I did not go to look at it from a distance .
My future lay solely with the hall , yet what did I know about the hall at this point ? ?
I wished to prepare myself but did not even know what sort of clothes I ought to be wearing .
I did not despair , however ; ;
Large warehouses flanked the street on which the hall fronted .
At last , when I put it to him directly , the clerk was forced to admit that the delay in my case was unusual .
When I asked him what , if anything , I could do about it , he surprised me by referring me to the director of the hall .
When I went for my interview with the director I saw why .
The big fans were going , drawing from the large room the remnants of stale smoke which drifted about in pale strata underneath the ceiling .
No one was behind it , but in the rear wall of the office I noticed , for the first time , a door which had been left partially open .
I was at once disappointed , although just what I had expected him to look like I could not have explained .
As he lowered himself on the chair behind his desk I wondered what this dapper , slightly ridiculous man could possibly have to do with the workings of the hall .
Why had I registered ? ?
He had looked over my forms and was impressed by what he had seen there ; ;
Was I sure , he asked , that I knew what I was applying for ? ?
What sort of men I would come into contact with , at the hall ? ?
To this effect I had already severed all connections which bound me to my former existence .
Barton said harshly , `` Why did you do that '' ? ?
`` What did you want me to do , kiss him ? ?
There were three other men within this prison whom Barton would have liked to liberate , but they were in other cell blocks .
`` What are you doing out of the block '' ? ?
The only thing which would have attracted attention was that two wore the uniform of prison guards , three the striped suits of convicts .
He had been one of the original Night Riders , one who had escaped the trial .
But if they really hoped to succeed they needed professionals , men who knew how to use a gun against men , who would match the killers on the other side .
`` How do the valley people feel '' ? ?
When they learn you're in the hills though , they'll rally , don't worry about that '' .
Barton waited for a long moment , then asked the question which lay always uppermost in his mind .
How come '' ? ?
After another long pause he asked , `` How many people know who they are '' ? ?
That's what they'll expect you to do .
I understand how you feel about the child .
For everyone involved knew that the whole valley was a powder keg , and Mitchell Barton the fuse which could send it into explosive violence .
There a dozen giant monitors played their seventy-five-foot jets of water against the huge seam of tertiary gravel which was the mountainside .
Hague , like all who worked near the pits , was partly deafened from the constant assault against his eardrums .
Even Hague was repelled by the machinelike deadliness that was Kodyke .
He supervised the cleanups and handled the shipments of raw gold which each week went out to San Francisco .
You know how the ranchers in the valley are .
She had offered to walk , but Pamela knew she would not feel comfortable about her child until she had personally confided her to the care of the little pink woman who chose to be called `` Auntie '' .
When they reached their neighbor's house , Pamela said a few polite words to Grace and kissed Melissa lightly on the forehead , the impulse prompted by a stray thought -- of the type to which she was frequently subject these days -- that they might never see one another again .
When the station wagon drew abreast of the dusty dirt road that led up to the porch of the Culver house , Pamela turned the wheel , guiding the car to its familiar parking spot close to the house , and stopped .
All of her movements were careful and methodical , partaking of the stealth of a criminal who has plotted his felony for months in advance and knows exactly which step to take next in the course of the final execution of his crime .
On her bureau lay a small , brass ornament of simple design and faded engraving -- an object which , Pamela believed now , had been the property of her great-grandfather , Major Hiram Munroe Culver .
He had belonged to this land and , perhaps , had desecrated it -- and this was the only material symbol that remained of him .
There was only one place where the mountain might receive her -- that unnamed , unnameable pool harbored in its secret bosom .
But she was caught in it , and she faced the terrible possibility that , if it were a dream , it was one from which she might never awaken .
Facing the forest now , she who had not dared to enter it before , walked between two trees at random and headed in what she believed was the direction of the pool .
Perhaps she had no reason to fear these trees that whispered their secrets above her head as she passed .
The slight flutter that had disturbed the motion of her heart when she entered the forest was gone now , and even the dim groves of trees through which she occasionally passed did not reawaken her fear .
Having persisted too long in deliberate ignorance and denial of the forces that threatened her , Pamela was relieved now to admit their potency and to be taking definite steps toward grappling with them .
She did not pause to consider what she would do if her plan should fail ; ;
It did not care what sort of person prowled its woods , plucked at its bark or stripped the berries from its bushes .
If , when this was all over , she found the words to tell him about it , she wondered if he would ever understand .
How could he comprehend her need when he himself was innocent ? ?
The forest had become an alien world where she strove , alone , unprotected , unguided , to deal with whatever hindrances were offered .
It was a bold , dark castle of pine boughs that stood like a medieval fortress , eclipsing the sun and human time .
At one and the same time , she was within it but still searching for the drawbridge that would give her entry .
Silence came into the forest -- a solid being that clapped its hand over the murmuring mouths of the birds and the whispered comfort of the trees .
She stumbled over the root of a tree that protruded maliciously above the earth .
She seemed to have come such a long distance -- too far for her destination which had wilfully been swallowed up in the greedy gloom of the trees .
She stood quite still , trying to focus upon a direction in which to turn , a path to follow , a clue to guide her .
Not a breeze exactly , but a pocket of icy air that settled with a loathsome familiarity upon the deep confines of the grove , catching Pamela in a leering embrace .
There was a peculiar density about it , a thick substance that could be sensed but never identified , never actually perceived .
Where before had she felt or dreamt or imagined such a scene ? ?
She already knew this unwholesome , chilling atmosphere that was somehow grotesquely alive .
It entered her body with the ghastly intimacy of an incubus , and its particles , spreading , creeping , crawling , joined themselves into steel bands that constricted her knees so tightly that they ached ; ;
But she did not know which way to go .
She had been snared here by a vile sensuality that writhed around her throat in ever-tightening circles .
She could not scream , for even if a sound could take shape within her parched mouth , who would hear , who would listen ? ?
She had to move in some direction -- any direction that would take her away from this evil place .
She thrust forward through the shadows and the trees that resisted her and tried to fling her back .
Her own body protested , aching painfully where the blood in her veins had congealed , where cold demon wisps still clung and caressed .
Never , he'd once told Joyce , had he encountered any man or situation that called for a gun .
But she'd known plenty of handsomer guys , and , conceding his good looks , what was there left ? ?
Why did these yokels still wear boots , anyway , when most had scarcely sat a horse in years ? ?
`` I feel like getting back to town , that's what I feel like ! !
`` Might get there faster walkin' '' , Lord drawled , `` seein' as how I got a busted front spring .
`` How -- with what ? ?
`` What did you mean by that rattlesnake gag ? ?
`` Why , I meant what I said '' , Lord declared .
`` What else would I mean , anyways '' ? ?
that is , to show no curiosity whatsoever .
Along with this self-satisfaction , however , Joyce sensed a growing tension .
McBride gave him his opportunity when he showed up in town with a pistol on his hip .
He demanded , when Lord confronted him .
So , `` How about it '' ? ?
`` Why single me out on this permit deal '' ? ?
Don't like to bother no one unless we have to , which I figger we do , in your case .
I just do what I'm told , and '' --
An' that could mean trouble with a fella that's workin' for crooks .
How could he exert authority over them -- make them toe the line , as he had to -- if he knuckled under to this small-town clown ? ?
Now , he could only play the last card in what was probably the world's coldest deck .
Why , he's going to kill me , he thought wildly .
He , McBride , would be cited as in the wrong , and he , Lord , would go scot-free , an officer who had only done his duty , though perhaps too energetically .
He hated them too much to understand -- the people of this isolated law-unto-itself world that was Lord's world .
Donna , his young wife , the girl who was both daughter and wife to him .
When he regained consciousness he was in Lord's house , in the office of Doctor Lord , the deputy's deceased father .
The herd was watered and then thrown onto a broad grass flat which was to be the first night's bedground .
But they deliberately avoided the one subject that had them all curious : the failure of the boss's wife and son to join the outfit .
Conchita kept an eye on the twins and little Elena , trying to keep them from falling into the creek by which they persisted in playing .
Tom Brannon had caught up with the outfit shortly after the Maguires joined it , which had been at midday .
She wondered what had taken place in town , between him and his wife .
Not that her mother knew what had happened , but they could speculate upon it .
Whatever they are talking about ? ?
He'd told Hank Maguire and Luis Hernandez about his wife's refusal to come with him and about what he now intended to do .
They were considering it gravely , neither seeming to like what he planned .
How long should I wait '' ? ?
What would you do in my place '' ? ?
Where I go , she goes -- and the kids with us .
Finally Luis Hernandez said , `` What must be , must be .
Those who had slickers donned them .
The others put on old coats or ducking jackets , whichever they carried behind their saddle cantles .
His face was stiff with anger when they let go of his arms .
`` What for '' ? ?
`` We're putting you where you won't come to harm .
He was uttering threats in a low but savage voice when they closed and padlocked the door .
They trailed him across the wide hallway to the parlor , four roughly garbed and tough-looking men who probably had never before ventured into such a house .
They brought to it all the odors that clung to men like themselves , that of their own sweat , of campfire smoke , of horses and cattle .
For men who had left cattle alone after getting their first notices had received no second .
But the day of the deadline came and passed , and the men who had scoffed at the warnings laughed with satisfaction .
He'd mounted up immediately and raced with a revolver ready toward the spot from which he'd estimated the shot had come .
Lewis was a man who had made a full-time job of cow stealing .
He was a man , those neighbors testified later , who didn't have a friend in the world .
William Lewis made the rounds of all who lived near him again , that August morning after a bullet landed at his feet , and once more he accused and threatened everyone .
But there were other homesteaders who passed the Lewis murder off as a personal grudge killing , the work of one of his neighbors .
Even in the very area where the shooting had been done , cattle were still disappearing .
For less than a dozen miles from the unplowed land of the dead man lived another settler who had ignored the warnings that his existence might be foreclosed on -- a blatant and defiant rustler named Fred Powell .
`` Everyone knew it , but he sort of acted like he didn't care who knew it -- even after them notes came , even after he'd heard about Lewis , even after he'd been shot at a couple o' times hisself '' ! !
Andy Ross had just started swinging an ax at his second willow when the distant blast of a rifle sounded .
A detailed scouring of the entire area revealed nothing beyond a ledge of rocks that might have been the rifleman's hiding place .
`` Tom '' , a friend asked him once , `` how come you bushwhacked them rustlers ? ?
No man's name brought more cheers when it was announced in a rodeo .
Which would you be most scairt of -- a dry-gulchin' or a shoot-down '' ? ?
When Fred Powell's brother-in-law , Charlie Keane , moved into the dead man's home , the anonymous letter writer took no chances on Charlie taking up where Fred had left off and wasted no time on a first notice :
Jury , judge and executioner were riding the range in the form of a single unknown figure that could materialize anywhere , at any time , to dispense an ancient brand of justice the men of the new West had believed long outdated .
For three straight years , Tom Horn patrolled the southern Wyoming pastures , and how many men he killed after Lewis and Powell ( if he killed Lewis and Powell ) will never be known .
It is also possible , but equally doubtful , that he actually shot down the hundreds of men with which his legend credits him .
( The best evidence is that he received a monthly wage of about $125 , very good money in an era when top hands worked for $30 and found .
But to the cattlemen who had been facing bankruptcy from rustling losses and to the cowboys who had been faced with lay-offs a few years earlier , he was becoming a vastly different type of legendary figure .
In the cow camps , Tom Horn was regarded as a hero , as the same kind of champion he was when he entered and invariably won the local rodeos .
The hands and their bosses saw him as a lone knight of the range , waging a dedicated crusade against a lawless new society that was threatening a beloved way of life .
When several minutes had passed and Curt hadn't emerged from the livery stable , Brenner reentered the hotel and faced Summers across the counter .
`` What is it you want me to do , Mr. Brenner '' ? ?
Probably his horse would be close to where he was hiding .
There was no lock on the door , only an iron hook which he unfastened .
He studied the problem for a few seconds and thought of a means by which it might be solved .
The door swung open , and Jess said sourly , `` What the hell's the matter with you ? ?
A match flared , and he reached above his head to light a lantern which hung from a wire loop .
`` Remember what happened to Gruller '' .
I don't know what you're up to , but when Brenner '' --
`` So help me , Crouch , I'd like to kill you where you stand , but , before I do , I'm going to hear you admit killing him .
Who told you to do it ? ?
`` I heard how you outdrew Chico .
You're the kind of bastard who sneaks up on a man from behind and hits him with a club .
He had found Curt's weakness , or what to Jess was a weakness , and was smart enough to take advantage of it .
Jess's coarse features twisted in a surprised grin which was smashed out of shape by Curt's fist .
He slammed into the wall , bounced back , and caught Curt with a roundhouse right which sent him spinning .
When his eyes began to focus , he saw Jess charging at him with a pitchfork .
When his head came down , Curt grabbed him by the hair and catapulted him head first into the wall .
Curt caught him flush on the nose with a blow which started at the floor .
He wanted to show the town what happened to anyone who tried to start trouble '' .
`` You mean anyone who stood up for his rights '' , Curt said .
Leaving Jess's where it lay , he left the stall .
What a spectacle he was , caked with dirt and sweat and blood , filthy as a pig and naked as an Indian , kissing the finest , the sweetest , the bravest , and absolutely the prettiest girl in this whole wonderful world .
If I hadn't got Nate stopped when I did , my duds'd all be shot plumb to hell ! !
Then , with a glory that almost wiped out the deep , downward sags in her careworn face , Matilda leaned over the wheel and shouted to Hez , who was stumbling along in the heat and the dust on the opposite side of the wagon `` Pa ! !
`` What about Burnsides '' ? ?
Hez asked , who still believed they'd have them to lick .
Nor could they stop and find out about all that had happened until they made circle , tended the cattle , tethered the horses , gathered fuel , carried water , and started their cooking fires .
Even Sally , in spite of her gaiety and obvious welcome , followed the old taboo of `` quitting the gab when wearing the nosebag '' .
Only , they carefully substituted old country folk dances for the Virginia Reels and square dances that were so popular among more worldly trains in the great westward migration .
`` Don't reckon there's nobody out there , 'cept maybe Dan , who can outgrip me , Harmony '' .
Out in the center of the circle the farmer , who was Dan , wasted no time when they came to the line , `` The farmer choose his wife '' .
No matter how many registry rocks they came to on this journey , each one exerted its own appeal .
Even strange names seemed to make them feel closer to some kind of civilization when stumbled across out here in this wilderness .
Even the knowledge that she was losing another boy , as a mother always does when a marriage is made , did not prevent her from having the first carefree , dreamless sleep that she had known since they dropped down the canyon and into Bear Valley , way , way back there when they were crossing those other mountains .
Dan asked Hez , who had limped back from his team to hold the notched-stick chair braces in place while his boys swung up the tailgate and tied it tight at the ends .
`` Wonder what made them hurry so '' , Rod drawled , giving Dan a sly wink .
`` From now on , Sally and me and her folks aim to give you our turn when it comes up and fall in behind you and Rod's outfit '' .
`` What luck , Cobb '' ? ?
`` Where yuh goin' '' ? ?
Cobb unleashed a single powerful jab that sent Gyp reeling wildly and crashing down with a whining groan .
Russ gave him a brutal thrust that tumbled him over flat on his stomach .
If we have to we'll take him apart and see what he's made of '' ! !
Stevens was grunting over the last empty pocket when Russ abruptly rose and lunged toward Carmer's hat , which had tumbled half-a-dozen feet away when he first fell .
`` Where else would he get it ? ?
Count what you've got there , Cobb .
`` It's within a hundred of what Crip had '' , he declared .
It was you that tracked it down anyway , Stevens '' , he pursued strictly .
`` Whatever you say '' .
`` He'll know when you tell him .
Over and above that , however , was his growing suspicion of Chuck Stober's part in recent events .
`` Gyp Carmer couldn't have known about Colcord's money unless he was told -- and who else would have told him '' ? ?
How much of an accident could that be '' ? ?
What did it mean ? ?
Setting a course straight for the house , he was covering ground fast when an angry bee buzzed past close to his face .
When it was followed by a second , whining even closer , Cobb swerved sharply aside into a depression .
He knew now what he was up against .
Whoever was out there hiding in the brushy cover was besieging the Antler house and , having spotted his approach , was determined to drive him off before he could get into the fight .
Every plane that could fly was sent into the air .
He wondered where the superstition had originated that it was bad luck for a crew chief to watch his plane take off on a combat mission .
The control tower gave him immediate take-off permission , and the clean roar of the engine that took him off the rough strip spoke well of the skill of Donovan .
They would have to go west through the narrow river valley that separated Leyte from Samar and hope that it didn't close in before they returned .
Greg took the formation wide around three A-26 attack bombers that were headed north over the Gulf .
He dropped down to five hundred feet , swinging a little north of the city of Tacloban , and punched into the opening that showed against the mountain .
When the sea was visible ahead of them , the relief was as great as if the sun had come out .
Finally , as time began to run out , he headed into Ormoc and glide-bombed a group of houses that Intelligence had thought might contain Japanese supplies .
He was about to make a gas check on his flight when Todman's voice broke in : `` Sweeneys ! !
Greg's airspeed indicator was over 350 when he leveled off just above the trees .
Greg slapped his hand across the switches that turned on the guns and gun camera and gun sight .
With the rapid rate of closure , the approach from below , the side , and ahead , there would be only a moment when damage could be done .
He had no idea which was up and which was down .
He held the controls where they had been .
Forced to realize that this was the end of a very short line I scanned a road marker and discovered what the end of a slightly longer line would be for the old Mexican : Moriarty , New Mexico .
Over the rapidly-diminishing outline of a jump seat piled high with luggage Herry's black brushcut was just discernible , near , or enviably near that spot where -- hidden -- more delicately-textured , most beautifully tinted hair must still be streaming back in cool , oh cool wind sweetly perfumed with sagebrush and yucca flowers and engine fumes .
Still nursing anger I listlessly thumbed a car that was slowly approaching , its pre-war chrome nearly blinding me .
How far I knew will shortly become apparent .
Let me pass over the trip to Sante Fe with something of the same speed which made Mrs. Roebuck `` wonduh if the wahtahm speed limit '' ( 35 m.p.h. ) `` is still in ee-faket '' .
I let up on the accelerator , only to gradually reach again the 60 m.p.h. which would , I hoped , overhaul Herry and the blonde , and as there were cars whose drivers apparently had something more important to catch than had I , Mrs. Major Roebuck settled down to practicing on Corporal Johnson the kittenish wiles she would need when making her duty call on Colonel and Mrs. Somebody in Sante Fe .
When Johnson ejaculated `` Howsabout my buying us all a nice cold Co-cola , Ma'am '' ? ?
Mrs. Roebuck smilingly declined and began suddenly to go on about her son , who was `` onleh a little younguh than you bawhs '' .
Just as p'lite an -- an cohnfidunt , an Ah says ' Uh coahse you cain't ' , but he says ' Whah nawt , you ah hevin one ' ? ?
Mrs. Roebuck very kindly let me drive through Sante Fe to a road which would , she said , lead us to Taos and then Raton and `` eventshahleh '' out of New Mexico .
How lightly her `` eventshah-leh '' passed into the crannies where I was storing dialect material for some vaguely dreamed opus , and how the word would echo .
Hardly had Mrs. Roebuck driven off when a rusty pick-up truck , father or grandfather of Senor `` Moriarty's '' Ford sedan , came screeching to a dust-swirling stop , and a brown face appeared , its nose threatened by shards of what had once been the side window .
Johnson unwired the right hand door , whose window was , like the left one , merely loosely-taped fragments of glass , and Johnson wadded himself into a narrow seat made still more narrow by three cases of beer .
I was again in motion and at a speed which belied the truck's similarity to Senor X's Ford turtle .
Whatever satisfaction that might offer .
But it was only Johnson reaching around the wire chicken fencing , which half covered the truck cab's glassless rear window .
At once my ears were drowned by a flow of what I took to be Spanish , but -- the driver's white teeth flashing at me , the road wildly veering beyond his glistening hair , beyond his gesticulating bottle -- it could have been the purest Oxford English I was half hearing ; ;
When I fell on my back , I saw a vulture hovering .
Teeth again flashing back at me , the driver released a deluge of Spanish in which `` amigo '' appeared every so often like an island in the stormy waves of surrounding sound .
Suddenly the Spanish became an English in which only one word emerged with clarity and precision , `` son of a bitch '' , sometimes hyphenated by vicious jabs of a beer bottle into Johnson's quivering ribs .
The car was just about to us , its driver's fat , solemn face intent on the road ahead , on business , on a family in Sante Fe -- on anything but an old pick-up truck in which two human beings desperately needed rescue .
And what eyes they were .
Eyes like hot honey , eyes that sizzled .
Plus flawless skin , smooth brow and cheeks , lips that looked as if you could get a shock from them .
It was a disturbingly familiar face , too , but I couldn't remember where we had met .
`` No , I remembered reading about you in the papers and that you lived here , and when it happened all I could think of was '' -- This time she stopped the rush of words herself .
There had been a good second or two during which my muffler had been blowing out , and now I was certain I'd seen her somewhere before .
`` That's what started all the trouble in the first place .
`` Why , yes .
In fact , I was watching you on that little seventeen-inch screen when you rang my bell .
`` It depends on who does it .
They'd peddled the soap virtually alone , and without much success , until about a year ago , when -- with the addition of `` SX-21 '' to their secret formula and the inauguration of a high-powered advertising campaign -- sales had soared practically into orbit .
Joyce went on , `` When we'd finished , Lou -- Mr. Thor -- asked me to stay a little longer .
Anyway , it was evident what he had in mind '' .
The keys were still in it , and I was miles away before I remembered that my clothes and purse and everything were still in the little cabana where I'd changed '' .
There's a walk there that goes out to Quebec Drive .
`` You know who the other man was '' ? ?
What Joyce wanted me to do was go to Thor's house and `` do whatever detectives do '' , and get her clothes -- and handbag containing her identification .
I could show what I can do '' .
As far as I was concerned , she had already and had dandily shown what she could do .
I was loaded with suds when I ran away , and I haven't had a chance to wash it off .
`` Only when I do it '' .
However , when there's a job to be done , I'm a monstrosity of grim determination , I like to think .
Present at the scene -- in addition to the dead man , who was indeed Louis Thor -- had been Thor's partner Bill Blake , and Antony Rose , an advertising agency executive who handled the zing account .
`` What were they doing here '' ? ?
What is the gunk '' ? ?
`` How would I know ? ?
Actually , only two men know what the formula is , Blake and '' -- He stopped and looked at Thor's body .
The PM might show he drowned instead , but that's what the once-over-lightly gives us .
this is not so , for education offers all kinds of dividends , including how to pull the wool over a husband's eyes while you are having an affair with his wife .
If it were not for an old professor who made me read the classics I would have been stymied on what to do , and now I understand why they are classics ; ;
those who wrote them knew people and what made people tick .
I worked for my Uncle ( an Uncle by marriage so you will not think this has a mild undercurrent of incest ) who ran one of those antique shops in New Orleans' Vieux Carre , the old French Quarter .
I had a one-room studio which overlooked an ancient courtyard filled with flowers and plants , blooming everlastingly in the southern sun .
When my Uncle offered me a part-time job which would take care of my normal expenses and give me time to paint I accepted .
and , when you took a walk you never knew what adventure or pair of sparkling eyes were waiting around the next corner .
Sometimes I wondered vaguely what he did about women for my Aunt , by blood , had died some years ago , but neither of us said anything .
My new Aunt was perhaps three or four years older than I and it had been a long time since I had seen as gorgeous a woman who oozed sex .
There was something about the contour of her face , her smile that was like New Orleans sunshine , the way she held her head , the way she walked -- there was scarcely anything she did which did not fascinate me .
The true artist is like one of those scientists who , from a single bone can reconstruct an animal's entire body .
And that is the way I first saw her when my Uncle brought her into his antique store .
I was aware that when our eyes met we both quickly averted them .
True , she was my Aunt , married to an Uncle related to me only by marriage , but why she had married a man twice her age , and more , perhaps , I did not know or much care .
When she appeared at the store to help out for a few hours even my looking at her was surreptitious lest my Uncle notice it .
When our eyes met the air was filled with an unuttered message of `` Me , too '' .
Why she married him I do not know .
I myself was fond of him but what a young woman half his age saw in him was a mystery to me .
He already had that slow pace that comes over the elderly , while she herself had all the signs of one who appreciates the joys of living .
Perhaps , with my Uncle , she found a measure of economic security that she needed ; ;
I was waiting in front of it when she showed up and told me of my Uncle's indisposition .
Even as she was telling me about it I became aware of a give-away flush that suffused her neck and moved upwards to her cheeks , and subconsciously I realized that when she entered the store she did not switch on the lights .
She placed her palms , fingers outspread , on the desk in an odd gesture as if to say , `` Now , what next '' ? ?
I was aware of a humid look in her eyes that told me the time was opportune .
I was standing beside her , watching the outspread palms and wondering about the old horsehair sofa against the wall on which he sometimes napped .
Her mouth , which had been so much in my thoughts , was warm and moist and tender .
When we opened the door again for business and switched on the lights she said :
How will we work it out '' ? ?
`` But now what '' ? ?
`` I know what we can do '' , I said .
`` What are you trying to do ? ?
`` When I was in college '' , I grinned , `` I remember a poem I had to read in my lit class .
I don't even remember who wrote it but it was one of those 15th or 16th century poets .
If you tell him I made a pass at you he might think you misunderstood something I said or did , so instead of just telling him I made a pass , say I tried to date you and that you agreed so you could prove to him what a louse I really am .
And to prove what you tell him about me you suggest that he keep the date instead .
When I show up he will know you are a good wife to have told him about it '' .
I felt that he looked at me coldly and appraisingly and seemed to be uncertain what his attitude towards me should be , but he did not say one word which might indicate that he had been told of advances to his wife .
I heard subsequently that my Uncle and Aunt had dinner in a nearby restaurant in the French Quarter after which he went home to get into his costume to keep the date .
If it were not that I knew who it was I could have mistaken it for my Aunt so well did her clothes fit him .
I suspected why he brought it along .
He was looking out on the dark waters of the Lake when I came upon him and without wasting words I smacked him hard across the face .
The code , which had probably something to do with sex or some other interest , Nicolas was determined to find out and put to use .
That ought to draw a laugh , Nicolas reasoned , as he stored the line away on the wax tape that was his mind .
The menace of Manas gradually faded as Meredith asked himself should he translate it , ' How the dark fates laughed ' ? ?
Not by the 11:00 sun which had spread a warmth around his spot of grass in the English Gardens and sent him off to sleep ; ;
but by a blond girl in a sweater and skirt who stood a few yards off and tenderly regarded him .
Ballet dancer : Protests , tears , and `` take what you want , Nicolas , I am a dancer , you are a poet , it is all beautiful '' .
And when you get off this job tonight , well , you can gimme something to eat '' .
And , as a matter of fact , Nicolas had slept in the park only part of one night , when he discovered that Munich's early mornings even in summer are laden with dew .
He had always known how to find a bed , and on his own terms .
He used the blanket for late morning naps when hosts of the night had gone off to jobs and proved reluctant to leave him in their small rooms with their few possessions .
Packing a small suitcase , informing her husband whom she found in Harry's Bar that she was taking a train to Germany to get away for a while , patting his arm , refusing a drink , getting on the train -- all this had only taken her two hours .
`` How like him '' ! !
His presence there , asleep in the grass , confirmed all that Mary Jane believed it was in his power to teach her : freedom from the tedium of needs such as hotels , the meaning of nature , how to live , simply , with the angels .
The Grafin , who was charmed by her , told her , `` Your sister who was here two years ago has quite dark hair .
Meredith was irritated when the Grafin knocked at his door and told him , `` She is a great beauty ! !
when it stopped he began busily typing , sitting up in a virtuous way .
Singing into the mirror and his interested eyes , he was pleased to note , when he stripped for his own bath , that he still had the best part of his Italian sun tan .
He was asking had it been she who left the love note in his sheets ( she also served as maid ) when he saw the Grafin followed by a stately blond girl approaching his table .
She had touched her face , truly a noble and pure face , only with a lip salve which made her lips glisten but no redder than usual .
As she was rather tired this evening , her simple `` Thank you for the use of your bath '' -- when she sat down opposite him -- spoken in a low voice , came across with coolnesses of intelligence and control .
`` What a beautiful room .
His new poem , a love poem , told of a young husband leading his wife upstairs to the bedroom when the lights in the house have failed .
The husband points the steps out with his flashlight : `` Its white stare filling her pale eyes To the blind brim with appetite , Bleaching her hands that grazed my thighs And sent us from the table in surprise To let the dishes soak all night , '' ( Mary Jane asked herself if Meredith was blushing at this line , or was it the fire ? ?
`` Oh , it's that myth , about Orpheus and What is her name ? ?
They were west of the Sabine , but only God knew where .
They could no longer afford the luxury of the canvas sweat bag that cooled it by evaporation .
`` What happens when there's no more water '' ? ?
Her temper sparked like charcoal when it first lights up .
And all the time , she had the heat of hatred in her , like charcoal that is burning on its under side , but not visibly .
You don't even know where we're headed '' .
It wasn't the roughness and crudity and discomfort of the trip that had frightened her .
They thought it would be a chance for you to make a life out where nobody will be thought any better than the next except for just what's inside of them .
Without money or property , what would you have had at Baton Rouge '' ? ?
The valley lay clear , and open to the eye , right up to the sharp-limbed line of gaunt , scoured hills that formed the horizon twenty miles ahead .
Then he noticed the clouds racing upon them -- heavy , ominous , leaden clouds that formed even as they sliced over the crests of the surrounding hills .
He had never seen clouds like them before , but he had the primitive feel of danger that gripped a man before a hurricane in Carolina .
And then came the water -- not rain , but solid sheets that sluiced down like water slopping from a bucket .
Beaten with fear and sound and wet and chill , they crawled to the hurricane deck and looked out haggardly at a world of water that reached clear to the surrounding hills .
There was no real sign of the river now , just a roiling , oily ribbon of liquid movement through muddy waters that reached everywhere .
Out of compulsion to say something cheery , Ben Prime blurted , `` Well , we were lucky to be on soft ground when the first floodheads hit .
He examined the water marks on the iron tires when the animals were finished .
He doubted if a man could wade as far as the desolate , dry hills that rimmed the valley .
Now , roaring up in great oily clouds of smoke and flames , the fierce heat quickly drove us to the stern where we huddled like suffocating sheep , not knowing what to do .
One especially bad detonation shook Lifeboat No. 3 which trembled violently in the davits .
Her stern was down and a sharp list helped us to cut loose the lifeboat which dropped heavily into the water .
The big man with the whitened hair murmured something : his words sounded as if they were in the Manu tongue , which I recognized , having studied the dialect in my Anthropology 6 , class at the University of Chicago .
He then said something which struck a chord in my memory .
`` Even when the islands were under German mandate before World War 1 , , Europeans gave Eromonga a wide berth .
The place is inhabited by several hundred warlike women who are anachronisms of the Twentieth Century -- stone age amazons who live in an all-female , matriarchal society which is self-sufficient '' .
I remembered , too , the jesting voice of a classmate , Bobby Pauson : `` But how do they reproduce , Dr. Griggs ? ?
There had been classroom guffaws which quickly subsided as Professor Griggs said dryly : `` I see your point , Pauson .
Of course , males play a role there , but believe me when I say you wouldn't enjoy yourself one bit on Eromonga .
`` I think I know what you mean , Brassnose '' , I said .
`` What is the scaffolding for , Brassnose '' ? ?
It was embarrassing to see strapping , blonde Brassnose comport himself like a child who talks about bogeymen .
It is the last of the three tests of manhood which the women impose , to discover if a male is worthy of survival there .
Often , I heard my uncles and cousins speak of it when I was a small boy growing up in Rabaul .
Our lifeboat was filling rapidly and despite what I had heard of the inhabitants of Eromonga , I was glad to see a long and graceful outrigger manned by three bronzed girls glide out of a lagoon into the open sea and toward our craft .
My friends and I come from a ship which was destroyed by fire .
There was one object which sickened yet fascinated me .
This was also a corpse -- a male , judging from the coral arm bands , the tribal scars still discernible on the maggoty face , the painted bone of the warrior caste which still pierced the septum of the rotting nose .
It took thirty of our women almost six moons to build this one , which is higher and stronger than the old one .
He speaks your language too , for he is the grandson of a chieftain on Taui who made much magic and was strong and cunning .
They despise males who brag of their strength ; ;
But a glance at Songau and the other women confirmed what Brassnose had blurted out .
but four Eromonga women are more than a match for the strongest male that ever lived .
In the Manu tongue , `` eromonga '' means manhood -- a quality which the women derisively toasted in weekly feasts at which great quantities of a brew like kava were imbibed .
In the hut to which I was assigned -- Max had his own quarters -- my food was brought to me by a wrinkled crone with bare drooping breasts who seemed to enjoy conversing with me in rudimentary phrases .
From L'Turu , I heard that until about 1850 the people of this island -- which was about the size of Guam or smaller -- had been of both sexes , and that the normal family life of Melanesian tribes was observed here with minor variations .
Those who stayed had to pass tests .
The old woman arose stiffly and led me to a clearing where a small hut stood .
Ramey reached out with the tire iron and dislodged a chunk of mud that was caked on the spare tire rack .
`` I'd like to know just which it is that those guys don't understand , the liquor or automobiles '' .
Maybe he was only doing the best he knew how , like any of us .
Whenever he saw someone lying in the dirt , Ramey wondered what the person had been thinking and he would try out thoughts in his own mind .
Then he would realize they were really things that only he himself could think .
It was a trick they used to try and conceal their identity when they followed trucks to check their speed .
All the drivers knew about the plates and they also knew about the big floppy straw hat with shredded edges , the kind natives in travel ads wear when they are out joyfully chopping cane .
The insurance man informed them that he had talked to Crumley who was all right and that he would watch the men's personal effects until they towed the rig back to town .
When they were ready to leave , Benson and Ramey walked back around the rear of the trailer .
`` What outfit does she drive for '' ? ?
He had never seen her before , but now he thought of the manner in which he and Benson went in and out of the cities , at each end of their run .
How would you ever see her again ? ?
Benson said , and Ramey wondered how close their thoughts might have been .
Her glance swung past the trailer where the two drivers were standing .
She began to watch a blonde-haired man , also in shorts , standing right at the rear of the wrecked car in the one spot that most of the crowd had detoured slightly .
What had caught his attention was obscured by the car itself , so that neither the girl nor the truck drivers could see , but Benson knew what it was .
The girl took a couple of steps toward the man in shorts when Benson , in that barefoot courtliness Ramey could never decide was real , said , `` You don't want to go around there , Ma'am '' .
The man stood near the bent levi-clad body of the Indian who lay face down almost under the car .
`` What does he want , a spoon '' ? ?
`` But what is it '' ? ?
But what is it ? ?
As he watched the man sit suddenly , a detached part of his mind observed how very difficult it was , really , to knock a man off his feet .
After what seemed several seconds , the open mouth grew dark inside then blood began to ooze from it .
`` What happened '' ? ?
Blood dripped down the front of his sweater , soaking into a dark streak of dirt that ran diagonally across the white wool on his shoulder , as though the bright V woven into the neckline had melted , running a darker color .
`` Why did you do it -- why did you hit him '' ? ?
No one seemed to know for sure what had happened , nor was there any purpose or responsibility in the muttering feet and urgent voices behind the driver , beyond finding out .
He saw the dark sweat spots flip in and out of sight under the patrolman's swinging arms and in the leather holster that swaggered and rolled at the side of his stocky body , the sun left a smoky shine on the narrow strip of blue metal that ran between the horned handles of his pistol .
His brown face looked gray from dirt streaks where his hand had come off the dusty pavement and rubbed across it .
She was sitting on the edge of the bed again , back in the same position where the snake had found her .
Well , why don't you say something '' ? ?
She softly let herself into the bed , and took her regular side , away from the door , where she slept better because Keith was between her and the invader .
The Brahmaputra has its headwaters in the tableland of the world , the towering white headwalls of the Himalayas that are unknown to man as any other space on the planet .
Keith Sterling had looked down on the Brahmaputra more times than he could remember , during the war days when he flew over the Hump of the world , thinking it high adventure in those times before man was guiding himself through outer space .
He thought of the jungles below him , and of the wild , strange , untracked beauty there and he promised himself that someday he would return , on foot perhaps , to hunt in this last corner of the world where man is sometimes himself the hunted , and animals the lords .
And Keith's record of kills made him a man to listen to -- a man paradoxically , who might even survive .
He knew how to shoot down Nazis .
It was a war of nerves , of stamina , of dogged endurance in which the stupid insistence of the British on their right to their own country became ultimately an unsurmountable obstacle to the Nazis , who were better organized and technically superior .
That was where he met Penny .
He was on the thin side , with big hands , and the kind of wrists that give away the power in forearm and bicep .
But they met in one searing moment that gave them to one another instantly .
The Command offices were in the border country , up north , where the radar systems centralized their intelligence reports , and the fighters were dispatched to harry the enemy .
There was a measure of protection in its concrete walls and ceiling , but the engineers who hastily installed it were well aware that concrete is not much better than prayer , if as efficacious , when a direct hit comes along .
She came from Ohio , from what she called a `` small farm '' of two hundred acres , as indeed it was to farmer-type farmers .
It wasn't that , however , which decided them not to go to America .
The terrible power of a gun , the thing that blasted the soul out of a living body , man or beast , was one he never wanted to lose .
When they got to Shillong , in Assam , he was happy .
The sambur buck , the jungle stag that is even more noble than the Scottish elk .
These were the ones Keith sought out -- the loners , the ones who killed for the joy of it , like himself .
Mouse deer played around the feet of the elephants , or fled when the mighty legs thrashed too close .
Wild boar watched their progress with little pig eyes , and grunted derision when they didn't consider such game worthy of a shot from the .
Now , the next morning , they were anchored at The Elbow and the boat was riding directly over the underwater ledge where the green water turned to deepest blue and the cliff dropped straight down 600 fathoms , with the weighted line beside it ; ;
and Robinson Roy , who had gone down this line ten minutes before to set a new depth record for the free dive , was already back on the surface .
He was a huge young man of twenty-four , clothed in muscle , immensely strong , with a habitual gentleness and diffidence of manner that was submerged under his present agitation .
I don't get it why this time I should pull such a stupid trick '' .
And you also got this little spark in your bird-brain that tells you to turn around before you drown yourself .
`` When I came up , damnit , I thought I was going down .
I came up maybe fifty feet before I knew what was happening '' .
But when it happens to you like that , I tell you , and you're a hundred feet from where you thought you were -- well , it makes you think .
He had his voice under control again : no one became aware that he was terrified by what had just happened to him .
Now he was going to show how much he knew .
He went to Key West every fall and winter and was the only man in town who did not know that his title of `` Commodore '' was never used without irony .
Old Commodore Forsythe , who had once lost a fifty-dollar bet on whether he could get both motors started and turn on the running lights without accidentally turning on something else first .
`` Why '' , he went on , `` when Rob asked me if he could make his dive on this trip , I didn't think twice about it .
Hell , I gave him the first decent job he ever had , six , seven -- how many years ago was it , Rob '' ? ?
He was thinking , big deal : skipper on his drunken fishing parties for seven years and no better off than when I started .
`` When you gotta go , you gotta go '' , Mrs. Forsythe said .
He was disturbed by what had happened on the dive and by what he remembered of a conversation he had had the night before with the German , who had come out of the head while he was fixing himself a drink in the galley .
He was in his early forties , rather short and very compactly built , and with a manner that was reserved and stiff despite his efforts to adapt himself to American ways .
His open face seemed to promise a sort of innocence , until one looked into his eyes , which had no warmth in them but only alert intelligence .
`` But that's what he told me .
Why , that's his main reason for making the dive '' .
`` What do you mean '' ? ?
Now I wish to enter the American market , where the competition is very strong .
Waddell was not an eminently moral person , but he did not like what he had just heard .
`` What else '' ? ?
Whatever you tell him he will dive .
`` At 200 , 300 , 400 feet under the water , when he must be paying very much attention , he will be thinking about what you are telling him .
There was no doubt that Herr Schaffner meant every word of what he said .
`` Blessed Saint Nicholas , I thank thee for getting me out of that mess and sending me up instead of down when I was bewildered .
And when I make the dive again '' -- He paused ; ;
Folding between his hands the cross that hung from his neck , he took his appeal direct to Headquarters .
As he reached for the door there was a knock on it and when he opened he found Artie , who came in and sat down on a bunk .
`` You know what they say about two deep dives in one day '' , Artie went on , still twirling the snorkle and studying it intently .
He crossed the next meadow and climbed a tree where the jungle trail resumed .
What if the marines never came ? ?
Whichever the way , he would rot in this vast choking green , his wife never to receive an urn of his ashes .
Fresh on his mind were events of the past day when his whole regiment was destroyed in the hills .
When he sank on his knees , they had allowed him to char without administering the stroke of mercy .
It ended when he tumbled ; ;
When he got closer to the tree , Matsuo noted the wild look on his face .
In the hush that followed the echoes , Matsuo was tense .
Matsuo jumped when the hidden arm flopped out .
Then there was no saying how many times the marine had blown his nose on the handkerchief .
When he rolled on the left side , propping on his left elbow , Matsuo seized his hair and pulled him back over .
Now and again he murmured something that ended in a giggle .
First he barely touched the blade on the hand which shaded the eyes .
A shrill yelp , kicked legs , and groping hands that circled Matsuo's wrist .
burned each hand when they came groping again .
What now ? ?
Once and for all he'd finish this marine who would not die .
And when this was gone , he hadn't even a little bitter tablet to purify other water if he were to discover some stagnant jungle pool .
Only Blue Throat and his gang stayed where they were .
`` Since when did they allow beardless kids into the saloon bars of this town , boys '' ? ?
`` Stay right here where you are , kid '' , he called .
`` I don't aim to have minors breathing down my neck when I'm a-drinking '' :
`` And what makes you think you're going to get it , pretty boy '' ? ?
Most of the time I get what I ask for '' .
His gun was half drawn when he asked the question , but the weapon never left its holster .
His head snapped round and he reeled back , crashing into the table where his buddies were sprawling .
`` And now '' , said Tilghman with deadly calm , `` I'll repeat what I said .
In two minutes the body of Tilghman's former comrade , who had been killed by Blue Throat in a gambling brawl the previous night , was carried into the town's funeral parlor to be prepared for decent burial .
The Reverend James Doran had scarcely completed Pat Conyers' last rites on Boot Hill in the township of Petrie , when shots were heard in the distance .
Blue Throat , who had ruled the town with his six-shooter for the last six months , certainly had no intention of relinquishing his profitable dictatorship .
Several were firing into the barn when Billy Tilghman arrived .
To Tilghman the incident was just one of a long list of hair-raising , smash-'em-down adventures on the side of the law which started in 1872 when he was only eighteen years old , and did not end till fifty years later when he was shot dead after warning a drunk to be quiet .
He was the lawman who survived more gunfights than any other famous gun-slinging character in the book .
He saw the most action , beat up more badmen with his bare fists , broke up the most gangs and sent more murderers to the gallows than any other U.S. marshal who lived before or after him .
He came within an ace of being riddled with bullets during his long fight with the Doolin gang which terrorized Oklahoma in the 1890's .
Billy decided to set an example by arresting one of the ranchers , named Ed Dunn , who lived at Rock Fort .
It was snowing hard when they got there and they saw no horses outside .
The only evidence of occupation came from the chimney , which was belching out thick smoke .
Suddenly he saw something which made his big heart give a sickening lurch and caused the hairs to bristle on the back of his neck .
`` Just dropped in to ask where Jed Hawkins lives .
He left the house and almost certain death without even increasing his pace and wondered by what remarkable stroke of Providence he had been allowed to come out alive .
But the fighting marshal's fifty-year run of immunity from violent death came to a full and final stop one night in a street at Cromwell , Oklahoma , where he had been sent to clean up the gambling and vice rackets .
When she would do these things , he would turn blind for an instant and become sick at his stomach .
And so when Miss Langford came to teach at the one-room Chestnut school , where Jack was a pupil in the eighth grade , the Woman of Jack's mind assumed the teacher's face and figure .
He could not keep his eyes off her when at school ; ;
when he went home at night , he took her with him in his mind , and she did the things the anonymous Woman used to do , and he did the thing afterwards each time as he used to do .
When he awoke in the mornings , she was in his mind and he could hardly wait to get to school to be near her in the flesh .
Once ( this was on the third day of school ) she kneeled down to pick up some books where they'd dropped on the floor and Jack looked up her dress -- at the bare expanse of incredibly white leg .
That night he dreamed a dream violent with passion , in which he and the Woman , now the teacher , did everything except engage in the act ( and this probably only because he had never engaged in the act in reality ) , and when he awoke the next morning his heart was afire .
Just then Charles Lever yelled , `` Hey , Jack '' , from the quarry road which ran behind the Carter house , and Jack grabbed the lunch from the table and darted out the kitchen door , yelling `` Good-bye , Mom '' over his shoulder .
`` You know what I done last night '' ? ?
Charles said as they picked their way over the rocky road which led up the hill away from the Dixie Highway , through a corn field and a patch of woods to the school .
But Jack always derived vicarious sensual thrills from Charles' revelations ( even when he suspected his friend of exaggeration or invention ) , so he usually invited them , as he did now .
What '' ? ?
He said , lapsing into the profanity he often used when away from his parents and especially when he was with Charles .
When they reached the school , a gang of boys and girls were already there playing `` crack the whip '' in front of the schoolhouse .
He could think of nothing else save his mental image of her nude figure and what Charles had said that morning about Margaret Rider .
Occasionally he would look across the aisle at Margaret , fourteen and demure in a fresh green organdy dress , sitting in the sixth-grade row , and he could hardly believe she would do what Charles had said she did .
At noontime , remembering what the teacher had said about maybe playing with the kids , Jack stayed close to the schoolhouse while all the other big boys , except Charles , went off out the road to play ball .
`` Why ain't you playin' ball '' ? ?
When she appeared , two or three of the little girls jumped up and down , yelling , `` Goody , goody '' .
`` Let's play with 'em '' , Jack said , rising from where he sat on the ground and dusting off his overall pants .
Then when Miss Langford was on the end of the line of girls , Jack , in the middle of the line , gave an extra hard pull and the young teacher sprawled backwards , sitting down hard , her dress flying over her head .
When her hand touched his , fire went through Jack and he felt weak , but he managed somehow to get her on her feet .
Jack walked off alone out the road in the searing midday sun , past Robert Allen's three-room , tarpapered house , toward the field where the other boys were playing ball , thinking of what he would do in order to make Miss Langford have him stay in after school -- because this was the day he had decided when he thought he saw the look in her eyes .
When he came back to the schoolhouse , his mind was made up .
He simply would not work his arithmetic problems when the teacher held his class .
And so when the others stampeded out that afternoon Jack remained docilely in his seat near a window , looking out in what he hoped was a pitiable manner , while the other kids laughed and yelled in at him and made faces as they dispersed , going home .
His heart was pounding like a mighty dynamo and he was trying to think , his mind seeming to scream at him like a hurt or frightened child , `` How will I do it ? ?
She munched little ginger cakes called mulatto's belly and kept her green , somewhat hypnotic eyes fixed on a light-colored male who was prancing wildly with a 5-foot king snake wrapped around his bronze neck .
The youth with the snake had a natural pride and joy of life which appealed to the woman .
Lithe and muscular , he had well-molded features , and his light color told of the European ancestors who had been intimate with the slave women of his family .
Johnny vigorously pounded two bleached steer bones against the gourd which served as his drum .
The drummer flogged the gourd with frantic intensity as the dancers began the calinda , a sensual gyration which had long been a favorite of voodoo practitioners and their disciples in the Louisiana slave compounds .
The white girl with the penetrating green eyes sipped the lemonade handed to her by a handsome man of about 30 , who had coppery skin and beetling eyebrows .
He proudly wore the blue livery of her house , for the girl was Madame Delphine Lalaurie , wife of the prominent surgeon , Dr. Louis Lalaurie , who bore one of the South's oldest and most cherished names .
Madame Lalaurie gestured with her riding crop toward the 20-year-old youth who was stomping and writhing with the king snake still draped over his bare shoulders .
Shy , actually , he avoided feminine overtures and seemed truly ignorant of the girls' desires when they sought to make liaisons with him in the open fields , in carriages and in boathouses .
This young slave was therefore quite unprepared when Delphine Lalaurie signaled that she wanted him to draw near .
The woman eyed the youth with the avidity a coin collector might display toward a rare doubloon which is not yet in his collection .
`` What is your name , boy ? ?
He gaped at Madame Lalaurie and sniffed the Paris perfume which emanated from her .
The woman seemed utterly unafraid of the snake which coiled on the floor in a torpor .
Satisfied at last , and after a few amorous gambits on her part which convinced Delphine that Dandy was capable of learning new arts , she opened the window and called to her liveried driver .
Aristide Devol , the sardonic manservant who had been brought in chains years before from his native Sierra Leone , smiled thinly and touched his well-brushed beaver hat .
So Dandy Brandon trustingly entered the house with Delphine Lalaurie and trudged up the rear steps to the attic room which was to be his new home .
Airless and dingy though it was , the attic represented luxury to a slave who had led a wretched life with six brothers and sisters and assorted relatives in a shanty at Bayou St. John .
He bounced exuberantly on the sagging bed and was even more delighted when Madame Lalaurie -- after closing the door -- showed the slave that the bed was designed for something other than slumber .
When he finally left the sinister mansion on Perdido Street , he was carried out in a coroner's basket .
Just six weeks after Dandy Brandon's arrival at the mansion , the little surgeon and his svelte young wife gave their annual open house and ball , to which only New Orleans' oldest and wealthiest families were invited .
It was our hope to educate him and to give him his freedom when the right time came , for he was a bright and friendly youth who seemed worthy of our interest .
How he returned in such a ghastly condition , or why , I cannot say .
Dr. Lalaurie and I didn't even know he was in the house until the night of our ball when he came down the stairs '' .
The excitement over Brandon's bizarre death abated and Madame Lalaurie's stock soared when she resumed her self-imposed chores of visiting the poor and bringing cakes and comfort to destitute patients in the county hospital .
Then , on July 2 , there occurred another incident which set tongues to wagging at a furious clip .
`` There ain't nothin' faster , or lonelier , or more direct than a cannonball freight when you wanna go someplace '' , Feathertop would say .
It had been a very long time that had no form and no end .
A little thing , but the right twist for the action that counted .
His thoughts for the swanlike neck , the full , high breasts , the slim waist , and the long legs were less than poetic , however .
Curly hair , high cheekbones , wide gnomelike mouth , a pair of drummer's blocky hands , and a body that said well , maybe I can wrestle you for ten minutes -- but then I'm finished .
`` I vowed to take care of you -- and that's what I'm gonna do .
`` What is with this vow jazz '' ? ?
`` Where from '' ? ?
Certainly not , I mean , no that isn't what I said '' ! !
Why , we got dinner right here .
When they had licked the last of the wieners' taste from their fingers , they settled back , and Cappy offered Ernie a cigarette .
`` How come you're riding the rods , kids like you '' ? ?
`` Why didn't he want you to get hitched '' ? ?
What they got , you get .
From the man who had leaped in from the high bank outside , as the train had slowed on the grade .
To them he could have been the broken bell in the church tower which rang before and after Mass , and at noon , and at six each evening -- its tone , repetitive , monotonous , never breaking the boredom of the streets .
or the smell of thick tomato paste -- the ripe smell that was both sweet and sour -- rising up from aluminum trays wrapped in fly-dotted cheesecloth .
Or the surging whirling sounds of bats at night , when their black bodies dived into the blackness above and below the amber street lights .
Filippo Rossi , that's what he was called in the old country ; ;
Youth obeyed when commanded .
Calloused fingers , caressed only by the smoothness of polished rosaries , had swayed excitedly beneath puckered chins where tiny black hairs sprouted , never to be tweezed away .
Mauve-colored mouths that had never known anything sweeter than the taste of new wine and the passion of man's tongue had not smiled , but had condemned again and again .
It had not questioned why .
but he might have been shooing away the fleas that hopped from his yellow dog onto him .
Perhaps he had known then where that hundred dollar bill had come from and where it was taking his wife .
But when he called for his withered , wrinkled sister Rose to care for him and the children , had he guessed that all he would remember of his woman was the memory of her climbing into that streetcar ? ?
What did it matter to him that the park at the foot of Ash Road stretched beneath elevated trains that roared from the stucco station into the city's center at half-hour intervals ? ?
Sameness for the Old Man was framed in by a wall of ginkgo trees which divided these quarters from the city .
It slashed the sloping manure-scented lawns with concrete steps which climbed upward to white wooden porches .
Even the stable-garage , which housed nothing now but the scent of rot , had a lawn before it .
And the coffee shop on Drexel Street , where the men spent their evenings and Sundays playing cards , had a rose hedge beneath its window .
Yet everywhere else sameness was stucco and wood in square blocks -- like fortresses perched against the slant of the hill , rising with the hill to the top where the church was and beyond that to the cemetery .
Only paved alleyways tunneled through the walls of those fortresses into the mysterious core of intimacy behind the houses where backyards owned no fences , where one man's property blended with the next to form courtyards in which no one knew privacy .
Waiting for what and for whom , only he could tell and would not .
To him life was a restless boredom that began with the rising sun and ended only with sleep .
When he would be a man , he would be a rich man .
He would not be like the `` rich Americans '' who lived in white-columned houses on the other side of the park .
He would order her to bring coffee , and would take from his vest pocket a thin black pipe which he would stuff -- he would not remove his gloves -- and light and smoke .
He could do that when he would be a man .
`` Laura , what would you say if I smoked a pipe '' ? ?
Her tanned foot , whose arch swept high and white , pointed artfully toward tapering toes -- toes like fingers , whose tips glowed white .
It was a face that had lost its childlike softness and was beginning to fold within its fragile features a harshness that belied the lyric lines of its contours .
But the only answer that reached him was the screeching of the porch rail from her leg moving against it .
Well , what did that matter when the sun was shining and there were dreams to dream about ? ?
Soothing it with his hand , knowing the whiskered jowls and the swollen smoothness of teats that wrinkled expectantly to his touch .
The boy's fingers and mouth operated with the skilled unity of a bagpipe player , pressing and pulling , delighting in what he did .
He knew it was there , knew also what it was about , but he wouldn't raise a finger except to smooth his yellow dog's back .
He expected Concetta's thin hand to reach down to grasp the boy , and her shrill , impetuous voice to sound against the rotundity of his disfigured flesh that was never sure of hearing anything .
she developed a peaches and cream complexion and a sunny disposition , and she asked for nothing more of life than that she be kept dry and comfortable and fed huge amounts of food at stated intervals and be carried to where she could watch activity going on around her .
there was the daily round of household chores in which Maggie insisted on participating .
Stuart had been laid off at the produce company and had to go back to sitting in his father's office , taking what salary his father could hand out to him .
Mr. Clifton would have preferred death and bankruptcy to having his son stay with his wife's people without contributing to his and his family's upkeep , and besides that there were the things that had to be bought for the baby , milk and orange juice and vitamins and soap , just plain soap .
Maggie and Stuart pored over figures every night , trying to find how they could squeeze out a few pennies more .
`` I have plenty of odd moments when I could be doing something '' , Maggie said .
When she came back Eugenia was sitting at the kitchen table with a pencil and envelope jotting down words and figures .
`` We could put up cribs on the second floor sleeping porch and turn the front bedroom into a playroom where it's nice and sunny , but of course it would entail quite a bit of running up and down stairs and Chris said you were to be careful about that '' .
`` What else '' ? ?
`` What about a tea room , then ? ?
`` Don't worry , I can get plenty more '' , Eugenia said , wondering where in the world she could .
Maggie was looking much happier already , clearing a space on the table and chattering about how she could put up a typewriter right there , and be brushing up on her typing so Eugenia wouldn't be ashamed of it .
`` And then whenever I have a minute I can be working at it , and keep an eye on the baby and the stove at the same time .
`` What are you going to do with your feet so you don't waste anything '' ? ?
`` What '' ? ?
The cold settled like a tangible pall over the Mile High City , locking it in an icy grip that harshened its outlines and altered its physical appearance ; ;
it had a look of grim stark realism , resembling other cities whose habitual climate was cold , instead of the sprawling bumptious open-handed greedy Western city basking in eternal sunshine at the foot of mountains stored with endless riches and resources .
That kind of poverty was regarded as the exclusive property of the East , which created depressions with their stock markets and their congested populations and their greedy centralization of industries , protected by discriminatory freight rates .
and now the East was creating government agencies for which the West doubtless would have to pay .
about keeping warm , about keeping well , about meeting the minor emergencies that came up once , twice , fifty times a day .
The Abernathy furnace consumed fuel like a giant ravenous maw that had to be appeased by hurling tons of coal into its evil red depths , and no matter how much coal they put in the house remained cold .
Cold came in the innumerable cracks that seemed to have sprung up , under doors , around loosened window frames , from the sleeping porches , the attic , from the widened cracks between shingles on the roof .
Presently they had to give up running the furnace at full capacity and depend on the old coal range in the kitchen , which had never been removed when the new gas range was installed , and the fireplaces and an electric heater in Grandma's room .
`` I know you when you start talking about brains and talent '' , Maggie said .
`` The only thing that worries me is how I'm going to prove it '' , Eugenia said .
Zion stayed to get my pin , but it'll be a cold day in June when I go back '' .
`` What pictures '' ? ?
Why should I want pictures of an empty room now ? ?
You know it and I'll tell everybody exactly how it happened '' .
`` I'll decide that when I get there .
What else was there to say ? ?
Let none but Him who rules the thunder
He questioned God's taking time to telegraph the message , but he felt better about Kizzie , and he took the sealed envelope from its pigeonhole , wondering why he had preserved it .
It was simply his necessity to confess which had made him write and keep this thing .
`` Why lacerate the -- congregation '' ? ?
Mr. Robards -- Jenny was the only person she knew of in the Mt. Pleasant neighborhood who called him that -- was kind but too easygoing .
How strange it was that he could give her this handsome house and carte blanche as to its beautiful furnishings , and fail her in -- spiritual ways .
Another weakness -- far more irritating than his manner of speaking , which he made only token effort to change -- was his devotion to that old horse of Tolley's .
And what had happened ? ?
She musn't annoy Gunny whose foal was due then too ! !
Listening for hours to his laments that the war and `` Mist Fair's '' poverty afterwards had robbed the mare of many a racing triumph , and to his predictions of greatness for the procession of foals to come , Jenny could look forward to years of conflict with an animal who disliked her intensely and showed it .
Gunny symbolized so much that was unpleasant -- Tolley , the indifference with which the Fairbrothers and indeed the whole neighborhood now treated her and which she would die rather than acknowledge to her husband , his lack of understanding and sympathy in her present condition , her disgusting swollen stomach .
The chances were against his being here to humor her when her time came , she was sure .
Night after night he stayed with Gunny in the dead of winter , rubbing her with quarts of expensive liniment , fussing over her bran mash as the cook did over charlotte russe , tracking manure on the pretty new carpet when he did come to the house .
Yet when the dear baby came , he had Tillie over here in a jiffy , and was as attentive and sweet and worried and happy when it was all over as any husband could have been .
Strong too , up on his legs when he was an hour old .
What about Royal Robards ? ?
`` Why don't you name him Jesus Christ ! !
He'd had no idea how unhappy his sweet peach had been .
He had a good idea why not .
So had Miss Shawnee Rakestraw , full of criticisms about the changes here , giving thanks that her dear old father had gone to his Heavenly Rest last year , saying how much she enjoyed her boarding house in town in inclement weather , was looking forward to Quinzaine Spa this summer .
But when Miss Jen went over right away to return the call , Miss Kiz couldn't have been very cordial , for she'd come back before she hardly had time to get there .
More and more , these days , she'd been driving that pretty little mare that looked like her , over to Tillie's and Nick's -- his own old square frame box on posts , chickens and cats and pups under the house , everybody friendly inside , making a to-do over the babies dressed like dollies .
He didn't tell Miss Jen , but she must have got word from the cook or nurse , who of course knew those Quinzaine nigs , and she really took a fit .
Zion was surprised when Roy's buggy stopped beside her on the pike one early summer day as she was walking home from the country school where she was teaching now that Eph Showers had had a call to preach in some mountain town .
Her hesitation was only momentary and she hoped he didn't notice it , as she settled herself , asked quickly how Miss Jenny and the babies were getting on .
`` Why of course not '' , Zion said uncomfortably .
Henrietta thought , It's extraordinary how much she always knew about both of us .
In winter , in the city , there had been the Maneret School , which taught excellently with a kind of austere passion for knowledge ; ;
There had been supper parties and teas , fetes and little balls , Mama small and pretty and gay and Papa enormously jocular , enormously possessive , the sun around which the Blackwell planets revolved .
Only at this moment -- perhaps because it was before dawn and she was lying in Doaty's bed -- she found herself examining how others might regard her .
Everything must wait upon this mission , this sentimental duty of a pilgrim whose nature avoided graveyards .
After the sad impatient moment , waiting for comfort which could not come , she slipped out of bed and went to the open window .
Rosa , unbelievably , was not yet up and about , reassurance that Rosa was human .
Feeling protective toward this sleeping being , Henrietta found a yesterday bun and milk in a white jug , a breakfast which was somewhat the equivalent of going barefoot .
Outside , the garden , the tame wilderness , yielded a patchwork bouquet of daisies , sweet william , scented stock and lady's bedstraw , which she tied with long grasses and took back to show Rosa , who was now stirring about the kitchen and haranguing Folly .
Folly danced , eager for whatever lay beyond the door .
She smiled and bowed , recalling the princess-in-a-carriage feeling she had enjoyed when she was a child .
He then offered his own estimate of the weather , which was unenthusiastic .
It's dryin' myself out that does it '' .
`` You'd like to hear how I go about it '' .
`` Every month , f'r three days '' , he said happily , `` I take no water into my system , no water whatsoever .
Henrietta murmured that she could quite see how it would , and he nodded approval of her womanly good sense .
She did suddenly , through the link of memory with his father , old Titus , who must have been in his nineties when Henrietta ran away .
It must be that son who sat before her now , shriveled to half his size and half his senses .
`` If it ain't an idea '' , she said , `` how comes it you can drink beer but not water '' ? ?
Who ain't '' ? ?
How much they knew about her ! !
The woman ( she must have been a tiny baby when Hetty and Delia had stood arm in arm , watching great age grow small ) answered the nod with her own .
He mumbled at her but let himself be led off inside the house , shuffling mightily to make it clear how weak and aged he was and how he was buffeted about by those who still had their wicked strength .
She felt mindless , walking , and almost easy until the church spire told her she was near the cemetery , and she caught herself wondering what she would say to Doaty .
Both church and graveyard were smaller than she remembered them ( how many things had lessened while she was gone away ) but the headstones had grown so thick in thirty years that to find one named `` Dorothy Tredding '' seemed suddenly impossible .
She remembered , suddenly , a night of savage moonlight and scudding clouds when she and Adelia , having dared each other , had stolen out of their great safe house and come here , hand in hand , hoping and fearing ghosts .
The Momoyama family had come from Miyagi Prefecture , in the northeast of the main Japanese island of Honshu , where there are still traces of the mysterious Ainu strain .
A pitiful few of them are left now , to subsist mainly on the tourist trade and to sing their ancient tribal chants , which have the same haunting sadness as the laments of the American Indians .
She was taller than most Japanese girls , and had the exquisitely willowy form of the Japanese girl who is lucky enough to be tall .
Her nose was higher of bridge , her complexion so pale as to be quite susceptible to sunburn , and the fish and vegetable diet of her forebears had given her teeth that were white and regular and strong .
Such as now , when she sat at a table in the coffee shop at the Officers' Club , having coffee and a hamburger to sustain her until dinnertime .
He came through from the Fleet Bar , which was stag , with the ice cubes tinkling in a glass he carried .
When he saw Tommy sitting alone , the tinkling sound stopped .
He was perhaps a trifle tipsy , having been long at sea where drinking is not permitted , and consequently out of practice ; ;
he wore a brown tweed sports jacket obviously tailored in Hong Kong , and he was of an age that marked him as a lieutenant .
it intimated that the folks at home would never know about it , and , therefore , why not ? ?
He said , turning on what was meant to be charm .
Everybody had accepted her for what she was -- a very charming girl .
There are Spanish girls who look like Tommy Momoyama , brunettes with a Moorish hint of the Orient in their faces ; ;
there are beauties from the Balkan states who are similarly endowed , and -- back in the blessed United States -- they were regarded simply as pretty women .
Everybody but Tommy seemed to think it was charming when they called , `` Bifutek-san '' ! !
But she was learning that so long as she was in this country , and wore civilian dress in the Club , there would always be transient young men who would approach her with broken English .
There had been occasions when some of the more experienced had even addressed her in what might have been perfectly good Japanese .
She promised that she would soon take a few day's leave and visit the uncle she had never seen , on the island of Oyajima -- which was not very far from Yokosuka .
Tommy , of course , had never heard of a kotowaza , or Japanese proverb , which says , `` Tanin yori miuchi '' , and is literally translated as `` Relatives are better than strangers '' .
Just why anybody should wish to start a riot the executive officer didn't know .
There were two things he wanted to do : inspect one of the many caves that had been dug into the hills on the Naval Base , and visit an old shipmate .
After supper , Doc called Whitey Gresham , who was now a lieutenant and had a family .
How , he wondered , does one enjoy one's spare time ? ?
Then there was exercise , boating and hiking , which was not only good for you but also made you more virile : the thought of strenuous activity left him exhausted .
I could , he thought , take a long walk -- but where ? ?
Buzz was a tireless instigator who never let his victims rest .
When Owen was finally rid of him , there was a timid rap at the door .
`` How do you do '' ? ?
`` You see '' , she said , looking past him into the room , where the highball glasses sparkled dully in the bright light , `` you and I can't understand the many hardships they have to undergo '' .
`` Why is that '' ? ?
`` I don't know much about them '' , Owen admitted , `` but I suppose they have their own religion and they probably resent outsiders coming in and telling them what to do and what not to do '' .
People don't know how much they give away about themselves by remarks like that .
The more canvassing I do , the more I note how far most people are from their personal God '' .
What would happen next ? ?
That she was out for a touch was certain , but when did she get to the pitch ? ?
`` How did you get by the desk '' ? ?
`` Do you have any idea how far I travel every day ? ?
why go on ? ?
But what do you want to do about the lay-sisters ? ?
`` You haven't been listening to what I've been telling you .
He ate breakfast in a sullen mood , but afterwards , when he walked out onto Virginia Street , he felt braced .
when the management brought around champagne , the breakfast settled its whirling around in his stomach .
They all had the hard look of gamblers who had stopped dreaming , who automatically turned the cards , hardly caring what showed up .
The mural around the wall depicted early settlers in covered wagons , who appeared much more animated than the gamblers .
All , of course , except the Donner party who were bent on starving to death .
Owen was surprised to see Mrs. Gertrude Parker playing the one-arm bandits that were cunningly arranged by the entrance .
`` What you need is a steady martingale '' , the cowboy announced after watching Owen play .
`` What are you playing '' ? ?
`` I keep all these plays in this little black book , and I watch over a twelve-hour period to find out what numbers are repeating .
He's my own horse , and what I collect from him I use on blackjack .
When he looked in the back , Mrs. Gertrude Parker was marking keno cards .
he studied the pistol exhibition that Hurrays featured as an added attraction .
He read a special announcement whereby Hurrays would feature a special floorshow at three A.M. starring Adele ( The Body ) Brenner and fourteen glamorous schoolgirls .
He was shorter and fatter than Owen , who felt good standing next to him .
`` We ran into a guy at the Pagan Room who guarantees we can beat the wheel .
`` What is the next step , Captain '' ? ?
In your opinion , who is this E. Andrews on the ' certain ' list '' ? ?
`` And also , sir , two articles which were considered souvenirs now must be regarded in another light entirely .
`` Where did you gather all this information , Heiser ? ?
Who reported to you the disappearance of handspikes and heavers and who '' --
The aimless milling about of what had been a well-trained , well-organized crew struck Alexander with horror .
Alexander guessed that they had planned confusion and turmoil , thinking it the ideal climate in which to begin battle and bloodshed .
When the mast was raised , Alexander gave the order for Small and Cromwell to be placed under arrest , and now three figures in irons sprawled upon the open deck and terror stalked the Somers .
Gansevoort said , `` It requires an omniscient eye to select those if any on whom we can now rely .
`` Well '' , Heiser ventured , `` why don't we hold an investigation with questioning and '' --
Besides , suppose we hold a court of inquiry , then what ? ?
Then we have informed a large number of our crew that when they reach the United States , they will be punished but that in the meanwhile , they may run loose and are expected to perform their jobs in good order .
Anything is possible when anarchy has the upper hand '' .
Implements of wood and iron are available for close and hasty combat no matter where a man stands .
A great deal of labor we have as well , for we are too uncertain of where trust may be placed '' .
And when he was alone again in the cabin , Alexander lowered his head into his arms and wept , for he knew full well what must be done , what in the end would be done .
And when he did , when he gave to his ship that protection necessary to preserve her honor , he knew he would lose forever the Navy to which he had dedicated his soul .
Where had he failed ? ?
How had he failed ? ?
He who had tried so hard , who had yearned so passionately to be a great officer .
To have someday that love returned was what he had lived for .
Dear God , at what a price .
`` You are the only man aboard who can be in doubt '' .
The calmness and detachment of his tone suggested unawareness of how implicit was his own guilt in the words he had used to defend Cromwell .
Here was another human who understood the stupidity of quarreling with the inevitable .
He expected nothing for himself but that which naturally follows those marked for misfortune .
`` Spencer , if there is guilt , if you do not deny your own , how is it possible for Cromwell to be innocent ? ?
`` And do you think there is a reason why I should accept your word '' ? ?
And though it was logical that a man who could plot mass murder would not hesitate to speak an untruth , still it was difficult to understand why Spencer spoke only for Cromwell .
It was fantastic to turn from the seven men in shackles to the wardroom , where a class of apprentices awaited him .
This was a training ship and the training would continue , but there was an element of frightful absurdity here which Alexander recognized .
`` When your mother was here he must have been a young boy .
We entered one where the front door stood ajar and climbed a flight of steep steps to the main floor .
The little boys shrilled out a Yiddish translation or interpretation of the Five Books of Moses , which they had previously chanted in Hebrew .
One boy who rocked back and forth over his worn book had bright red hair and freckles .
They singsonged the portion at the teacher , who accompanied them in an off-key baritone and spurred them on with the stick .
From behind us came the rapping of the stick and the high-pitched voices of the boys who would grow to devote their lives to rigid study and prayer .
I said , `` How long do they keep that up '' ? ?
`` Except for Shabbat , when they are praying all day '' .
When we were fighting , a few of our orthodox people were lying down in the roads so we could not pass .
I said quietly , respectfully , `` What did she do here ? ?
But when she saw the children you have just visited , she wanted to take them away and put them out in the country , in the kibbutzim .
When she loved , it was with a passion that drove her along and carried along with her those things she loved .
Nothing was too impossible for her to do when she wanted .
She took it with her wherever she went ; ;
It was an impulse when she was here in Me'a She'arim -- I was with her -- that led her to stay in Israel .
I said quietly , gaining nerve , ready to ask any question at all , no matter how intimate , ready to be rebuffed , `` Then why did she leave Israel ? ?
She had good friends here , people who liked her .
Who loved her .
There was a refugee who was able to come here because of her .
Your mother would always retrieve him when he wandered off , and she would send him home to his son .
Then his son did something '' -- Rachel threw up her hands -- `` I don't know what , but something , to an official here -- it was during the Mandate -- and the son was imprisoned .
When I did , she shrugged her shoulders and said that Reuveni wanted her to marry him .
He had known when he first helped her to meet the right people and work with them that she did not intend to marry him .
He shouted at her and told her he loved her and couldn't understand why she had upset herself .
He took her to a doctor , for she was run down , nervous , did not care where she was .
Reuveni took her with him wherever he went .
That had been how she imagined it .
For when he began to talk and dream all at the same time , making his plans as he went , she had begun dreaming too .
`` What did I imagine '' ? ?
Out of the church and into his big car , it tooling over the road with him driving and the headlights sweeping the pike ahead and after he hit college , his expansiveness , the quaint little pine board tourist courts , cabins really , with a cute naked light bulb in the ceiling ( unfrosted and naked as a streetlight , like the one on the corner where you used to play when you were a kid , where you watched the bats swooping in after the bugs , watching in between your bouts at hopscotch ) , a room complete with moths pinging the light and the few casual cockroaches cruising the walls , an insect Highway Patrol with feelers waving .
And the bed that sagged in a certain place where all the weight had been put too many times before and the walls fine and thin for overhearing talk in the next room when Gratt went out for ice , the sound coming through the walls like something on the other side of the curtain , so you knew they heard you when they were quiet and while you lay wondering what they had heard you listened .
Or you could hope the parachute wouldn't open just so you could say you saw it not open , not because you meant any harm to Starkey Poe in his suit of red underwear , but mainly because you were tired of being an old maid -- a thing which cannot admit when it thinks it might be pregnant , but must stand the dizzy feeling all alone and go on like everything is all right instead of being able to say to somebody in a normal voice : `` I think I'm pregnant '' .
Or you could wish your daddy would really do it -- kill Gratt Shafer like he said when you all the time , all along , could feel the nerve draining out of him like air out of a punctured tire when you are on a muddy road alone and it is raining and at night .
And every sound that might be the rain also might be the man who thinks after he has raped you he has to beat your brains out with a tire tool so you won't tell , a combination like ham and eggs , rape her and kill her , and that is being an old maid too .
It is not having his baby nestled warm and fat against your breast and it is not having somebody that really gives a damn whether some tramp cracks your skull .
And most of all it is not having the only man you could love , whether he drives a bread truck or delivers the mail or checks the berry crates down at the sheds , or owns seventeen oil wells and six diamond mines , for if you are anybody what he is or does makes no difference if he is the one .
He can even be a mild-voiced little-town guy with big-town ideas and level gray eyes and a heart even Houdini couldn't figure out , how it is unlocked .
Even if that's all the promise he ever gave or ever will give , the giving of it once was enough and you believed it then and you will always believe it , even when it is finally the only thing in the world you have left to believe , and the whole world is telling you that one was a lie .
Even when he is on the way to Memphis you will still have the promise resting inside you like a gift , and it is he inside of you .
You feel where he is and what he sees , and at night you feel when he is asleep or with the other woman , the one that never could love him the way you do , the one who got him because she didn't particularly give a damn whether she got him or didn't .
And you know you will always wonder all of your life whether it was because you wanted him so bad that you didn't get him , and you can feel nearly sorry enough to cry when you think of that other guy , the chump who begged you to marry him , the one with the plastered hair and the car he couldn't afford and the too-shiny shoes .
It comes to you that probably he did feel that way to let you use him like you did when you couldn't have Gratt Shafer ; ;
that he must have since he was there like the radio for you to turn on or snap off when you got tired of him , that other guy .
And you wonder if that is why the little man lost his job and his car and stayed drunk about a year before he straightened out and moved to St. Louis , where he got to be a big unhappy success .
He was good and they knew that what he was doing for them he would do all over the United States some day .
So they stayed quiet and hung not on what he said but on how he said it , not listening exactly , but rather , feeling .
You were sorry when he finished talking because while he was up there you were someone else and the world was something else too .
She glanced at the man nodding beside her , a man with weather cracks furrowed into his lean cheeks , with powdery pale eyes reflecting all the droughts he had seen , reflecting the sky and the drought which must follow now in August -- yes , with eyes predicting the drought and here it was only June , only festival time again and thoughts of Gratt Shafer would not leave her .
Back at the Factory-to-You with the other old maids , back there she was the youngest clerk and she was thirty-four , which made her young enough to resent the usual ideal working conditions , like the unventilated toilet with the door you had to hold shut while you sat down .
She could not count the times Herman had rapped on the door , just a couple of bangs that shook the whole damned closet and might , someday , break away the pipe connections from the wall .
The two little bangs meant that he was getting impatient to have a crowd of customers waited on and that if he had to he would jerk open the door and drag out , by the opposite door handle which she would be clutching , whichever-the-hell clerk it was who thought she could waste so much store time on the pot .
He also drew precise crisp spots , which he sold to various literary and artistic journals , The New Yorker , for instance , or Esquire .
I even ferreted out the materials from which shields were made -- linden wood covered with leather -- so I'd get the light reflections accurate .
He said , `` That may be , but it isn't authentic the way readers think .
We all painted in our spare time , and we had all started as easel painters with scholarships , but he was the only one of us who made any regular money at it .
It was strange stuff -- it reminded me of the pictures of a child , but a child who has never played with other kids and has lived all its life with adults .
It was the kind of work I was doing , the quality of the ambition it awoke in me , that kept me from painting .
instead of a necktie he wore a leather bolo drawn through a golden ring in which was set a lump of pale pure jade .
He didn't look like what I thought of as an old man , and his lively and erudite speech made him seem even younger .
We went into Mrs. Monmouth's library , which had low bookshelves all along the walls , and above them a Modigliani portrait , a Jackson Pollock twelve feet long , and a gorgeous Miro with a yellow background , that looked like an inscription from a Martian tomb .
`` I don't think I've reached the point , yet , where I can say I know everything I ought to know about the craft .
Besides , it's important to the way a painter thinks that he should move in a certain atmosphere , an atmosphere in which he may absorb the ideas of other masters , as Durer went to Italy to meet Bellini and Mantegna '' .
One of these days , I'm going to organize a gigantic exhibition that will span everything that's being painted these days , from extreme abstract expressionism to extreme photorealism , and then you'll be able to see at a glance how much artists have in common with each other .
Ah , what a title for the exhibition : The Eye is All '' ! !
`` What do you study '' ? ?
I went to a retrospective of his work when I was eighteen , and I thought he was a contemporary of Cezanne's '' .
I've always admired him , and when I heard he was taking a few pupils , I went to him and joined his class '' .
He was an artisan , a man who studied his trade and developed his craftsmanship the way a goldsmith or a wood carver did .
He filled a real need , showing society what it looked like , turning it inside out , portraying its wars and its leaders , its ugliness and its beauties , reflecting its profound religious impulses .
He was a propagandist -- they weren't afraid of the word , then -- satirist , nature lover , philosopher , scientist , what you will , a member of every party and of no party .
What we need is to get back to the group , to learning and apprenticeship , to the cafe and the school '' .
The upshot of the evening was that I got the address of Pendleton's studio -- or rather , of the studio in which he gave his classes , for he didn't work there himself -- and joined the life class , which met every Tuesday and Thursday from ten to twelve in the morning .
Partly , it was because Pendleton himself wasn't what I anticipated .
I had come prepared to worship at the feet of this classic , and he turned out to be a rather bitter old man who smelled of dead cigars .
Actually , there was a lot of force in him , which is why I kept on in that class instead of quitting after a week .
`` Ida , where is the car license '' ? ?
`` Why should Via have it '' ? ?
Had she forgotten she had signed the car away , that whatever they mutually owned had been divided among the children ? ?
`` She must have taken the registration when she went to Walter's .
Why should this suddenly assail her ? ?
`` What a fool I've been '' , she said quietly .
It was foggy that evening , but the path to my house was so well grooved that I could feel my way , accustomed as I was to the dense mists that rise from the sun-warmed palisades of the river and sometimes last for days .
I did my shopping , had my dentist appointment , and from there I went to the women's lunch at our parish church where we discussed plans for the annual Christmas bazaar , so that dusk was beginning to gather when I drove home in the late afternoon .
Why , when I drove down to church , didn't it speak to me , seeing the lights still on and the day crisp and clear ? ?
When I came back from church at noon Mrs. Thaxter was turning into the Salter driveway .
I , who until that day before had been Mrs. Salter's friend , her equal , was the servant now .
It was Dolly and Mrs. Thaxter who were calling Via , everybody .
And when they spoke they spoke to each other and not to me .
Why didn't that alarm me then ? ?
And when she returned from taking her guests back to New York she had said , `` All they talked about was Harvie Harvie this , Harvie that When they know the truth will they drop away from me , will I become a nothing '' ? ?
But it seemed not from what they were saying .
Then was it a final desperate plea from her , to whom ? ?
I tried to believe that what must have happened was that , restless , disturbed by this telephone call or whatever , she walked out in the night , as she had a habit of doing .
When a fisherman brought her up in his arms , still , small , as if she were a child asleep , I began to shudder with a terrible excitement , almost triumphant , that I still cannot account for .
Or what was it that , before Via , Sonny , Walter and all , I began almost to dance with shuddering and cry out , `` I knew she'd do it ! !
Was that what had given way in me ? ?
Even now I am appalled at how little anyone knows of what they really are .
It is absurd of course to say that that one exclamation estranged me from the family I considered my very own , but there it hangs , a cooling void that broke our close connection with each other .
In my person they would always remember that last long time of me alone with her , so if they told themselves that I could have prevented it , I can understand that by now and love them still , because everyone must justify , have a scapegoat for what is not to be borne .
It is not their avoidance that rankles ; ;
it is when I meet someone who was a close friend of the family , and therefore of mine , and they nod to me so coolly and walk away , that it hurts .
I could tell them , but no one ever asked , why I had cried out so triumphantly at the sight of her body .
No , I forget Mrs. Mathias , who had been away visiting a married daughter when it happened .
she persisted in explaining how and why she had advised Mrs. Salter to return to the country .
`` What do you mean '' ? ?
`` Why put such a high value on being top dog '' ? ?
If she chose , and in that final decision discarded , what , above all , all of us value , life itself , must she not have risen to her fullest height , and transcending her murky self , felt at last the passion of a great moral decision ? ?
The funeral service was in the house , the Methodist minister , how clean and glistening his eyeglasses and his neat body standing beside that coffin with that doll inside , a stranger speaking to strangers the old sacred words , and the rain drumming incessantly in accompaniment , seven days of relentless rain that turned the ground to mud so the burial had to be postponed .
I knelt , just for decency I thought at the time , but found myself whispering , `` Our Father which Art in Heaven '' And it was only after that that something unlocked in me and I felt a grief .
Via was in the parking lot when I went outside .
`` I'm not a man who has many close intimate friends , Carla '' , he said , wanting her to know all about him .
I think I was what you might call a convivial man , and yet it was when I was alone in my studio , doing my work , that I really felt alive .
`` Well , what about you , Carla '' ? ?
`` What about me '' ? ?
How about it '' ? ?
When she had wiped some of the lipstick from her mouth , she stared solemnly at her image in the mirror .
Where did you go to school '' ? ?
`` What is this '' ? ?
Why are you trying to worry me '' ? ?
The cleansing tissues she had been using had been falling on the floor , and he got up and picked up one , then another , hoping she would notice what he was doing .
`` And I don't know why you want to go on wearing that outfit '' , she said , making a face .
He had put on the gray jacket and the dark-gray slacks and the fawn-colored shirt he had worn that first night in Rome when he had encountered her on the street .
And when they stood by the fountain in the piazza looking at Santa Maria he had to keep a straight face , not letting on he had been there with Alberto .
When they got home at midnight she was tired out .
And in the morning when he woke up at ten the church bells were ringing .
He had never heard so many bells , and as he lay there listening , he thought of her scolding him for his remarks when he had looked up at the obelisk and the church at the top of the Spanish Steps .
Why did he want her to go to church ? ?
He wondered Probably because it was a place where she might get a feeling of certainty and security .
Being a woman though , she would take only what she needed from church .
What was the matter with him that they all wearied him ? ?
All the ideologies changing from day to day , right under his eyes , so how could a man look to any one of them for an enlargement of his freedom ? ?
But where ? ?
`` Why not '' ? ?
`` I am what I am .
He didn't know how she would behave with other people .
When they walked into the Ferraro apartment , the old lady , bowing and smiling , said softly .
The old woman had a nephew from North Italy , a poor boy from a lumber mill who had got tired of the seasonal unemployment , and who had migrated to Canada to work on the railway .
The Holy Father would die soon , she said to Carla , so she could translate for Sam , although he had a brilliant doctor , a man who did not need the assistance of those doctors offered by the great rulers of the world .
There would be changes made , and Signor Raymond should understand that when the Pope died it was like the end of a regime in Rome .
But Carla's eyes were on Agnese whose glowing face and softening eyes gave her a look of warmth and happiness .
But one night Dookiyoon moved in the direction of the women's lodge , where Shades of Night had gone to purify herself .
He saw her emerge suddenly , coming in her unhesitant fashion , her back stiff , her head erect , facing with contempt the night and whatever she would encounter , as if in her extreme disdain and indifference she would pass by all the outraged looks of those whom she might approach .
In her dark , scornful fashion she proceeded to her destination , afraid of nothing , not even the evil spirits which kept her company in her time of bleeding .
Even he , wanting her , afraid of her and not knowing how to press his suit , feared the evil presences in her metabolism more .
Going , he saw as often before some queer , hideous yellow face over his head , shining and weird like the old images which had invested him at other times like those that appear sometimes near the eyeballs when they are perhaps pressed by the thumbs .
Standing there she saw Shades of Night come through the trees and stop beside the lodge , silent , almost imperious , her body taut , simply standing without speaking or moving while the wife of Walitzee waited , perhaps denying the dread that moved in her .
When at last she could suffer the insult no longer , nor face the girl's scorn , she said in a voice overloud :
Go back where you can bring no harm , or I will go and get the old man from his bed so he can see your shame '' ! !
`` You bring only wickedness '' , she said and it was not to a child any longer but to another woman who had come to skirt her lodge with the cunning hunger of a wild animal .
Speaking in a low voice of loathing she went up to the girl , who stood with the same upright , scornful bearing and did not even look at the knife .
`` Go back to that double-married man of yours who so parades his fine body among the young women .
Keep him back , if you must tell me what to do .
I will be the one to confront my daughter , not the wife of him who leads her to sin '' ! !
She retreated before the naked shame in the old man and the fury beyond it and sank into the darkness of her lodge where Walitzee stirred , mumbling , sitting up in a half stupor to say :
`` What worrisome thing happens ? ?
Outside , the old man , beyond all the curses of the spirits his daughter bore , went to her and twisted the gnarled talons of his fingers in her hair and turned her and pushed her rudely ahead of him into the trees where the moon sent out a thousand arms .
She said to him , her father , `` How was I begotten , in pain or joy ? ?
She felt the lash bite and heard her father say in crazed monosyllables words which had no meaning , like , `` unnnt ! !
Then , without knowing why , she found herself running from them , fleeing wildly through the trees , dodging her own shadows until she came to a little hollow in the rocky ground with a big stone in the center behind which she knelt and hid , listening to the madness of her heart and wanting for once to cry .
He amused the young men who had been silent long enough .
It was they who held the future in their hands .
Walitzee was among them , and Sarpsis , and they wore red blankets which flew like broad wings in the air of their passing .
Yellow Wolf was there , nephew of the young chief by an older brother long dead , in whom also the disordered chemistries of youth worked .
At times they would ride frenziedly through the camp , letting the women see their courage , how handsome they were in their regalia .
He was always aware of the women's eyes which followed him , admiring him .
even like shouting and crying out from the hilltops from which he could descend as an eagle in a mad caper from the cliffs .
And so the sun came up again and for a moment its color was the young men's blood , shifting then into the full heat and outcry which ran with their hearts .
`` Hello , Julie , how are you '' ? ?
And then off he went so casually , to someone else with breasts better developed , more obvious in a lower-cut dress , someone without a mouthful of wire bands and an inability to find words that would hold him .
I wish he was with me now , she thought , and that we were both the ages we are and doing what was once only pretense and acute embarrassment .
What time was it ? ?
The surface , however , was perfectly white .
Who would take over ? ?
She asked , in a way that seemed oddly sophisticated , considerate , and yet perhaps partly scornful .
He imagined Sam's voice : `` George , what the hell goes on '' ? ?
He saw the suitcase , which Julia was holding .
`` Forget we ever knew what '' ? ?
He could see the stone building where he lived .
What happened to you '' ? ?
What ? ?
Who knew about it ? ?
She lived alone in the older part of the city , in one of those renovated houses whose brick facade some early settler had constructed .
It wasn't just the obnoxious birds that had ruffled her own feathers , of course ; ;
Remember what happened the last time '' ? ?
On the defensive , he added , `` I wish you'd think what it must be like for her to be without Greg , to be a new widow , a young widow '' .
It seemed to Lucy that all their married life , she and Jim had been doing nothing but rescue his sister from the constant crises that were her way of life .
whenever Lucy saw her , she tried , without noise or fuss , to give her the warmth she had never had from Myra .
Jim was so indignant it was obvious that no matter what he said , he too had seen the looming specter of a forever-Cathy .
His dark brows , which had been lowered in anger , smoothed .
The only thing that had ever come between them was that worthless , selfish sister of his .
Susan stared at him with hurt blue eyes that gushed an instant grief ; ;
And when you get back from Grandma's , Cathy will be here to play with you .
When the car , with Susan's hands waving wildly from the rear window , disappeared down the driveway , Lucy stood looking after its pale dust .
How long would it be occupied ? ?
It isn't only birds that dump their children in other people's nests .
When she picked up the receiver , her mother's cheerful voice was there .
`` How was Cathy '' ? ?
There was a momentary pause , and then her mother said , `` How long is she supposed to stay '' ? ?
Myra had no intention whatever of sending for Cathy in two weeks .
For a moment , anger darkened the hallway about her , and when she found her voice , anger thickened it .
`` And that's what I'm going to tell Jim '' .
the worn teddy bear , a tiny suitcase that Jim carried , and the clothes she wore , were all she had .
Every night when he wanted a drink of water , didn't he practice being fearless by not turning on the bathroom light ? ?
and when he woke up , his father was saying , `` Stop screaming , Quint .
`` How does he know ? ?
When you get back I'll probly be swimming better than Victoria .
She called him `` Stuck-up -- that's why nobody plays with you , Mister Stuck-up '' .
Or , what was worse , she prayed for him out loud at bedtime : `` Please , Lord Gord , please give my brother the strength to go swimming like he promised '' .
The wind bored a hole between his shoulder blades , and when he looked at the choppy waves coming and going and crossing each other he could see his head down there , bleeding , wedged between the rocks and the waves .
`` Why didn't you duck '' ? ?
`` Then why don't you stop squinting '' ? ?
`` Dingy-looking '' , was what she said .
`` Why don't you paint it red and white like a barber pole '' ? ?
Dr. Fortman says if I exercise my leg more , maybe I can use a cane when I'm big '' .
What kind '' ? ?
He always did when people asked .
`` A what '' ? ?
That was how they started being friends .
My hair is what he's nuts about .
Personally , I prefer straight hair like yours , but as they say on the Continent , ' What can one do ' '' ? ?
`` Which continent '' ? ?
that his baby sister could spit up through her nose when she felt like it ; ;
( `` What did one tonsil say to the other tonsil ? ?
And `` What time did the Chinaman go to the dentist ? ?
) Encouraged by her giggles he imitated Maggie who was crazy about ham .
Next morning he tied a bunch of sea daisies with string and threw them across the V-shaped inlet to the rock where she was swimming around .
Once when she asked why he never went swimming and he answered , `` Don't feel like it '' , he was tempted to tell her about being scared .
`` Hurry up , we're late '' , he said , noticing with a chill how gray the sky was this morning , the fog like a rope along the horizon , the choppy waves sending off sheets of blue and Kool-Aid green .
It had started two years ago when he was in an iron lung .
What caused it , he didn't know .
When Bobbie Evans smashed up his car , the Jaguar his wife Linda had given him for his last birthday , and himself quite thoroughly with it , driving back from an afternoon's golf at Oakmont , it seemed to mark the end of a long , miswritten chapter in the social life of the community .
Hadn't Linda been a perfect wife to Bobbie , who was the least bit of a disappointment all these years ? ?
It was the kind of thing that could ruin a man's life , and it was a tribute to John's strength of character and very real business ability that it hadn't ruined his .
Linda accepted the reproach , which was something she did rarely in all her life and most rarely in that summer of 1936 when she was by all odds the prettiest and brightest young woman west of the Allegheny Mountains , and John was surely one of the handsomer and brighter young men around Pittsburgh .
He was a bright and handsome young man from New York , who worked for the same steel company as John did .
Some people said Linda had just announced the engagement to jolt John into some action , but when John came home from a business trip to Cleveland with Edythe , with Edythe his bride , it could no longer be John-and-Linda even to sentimental wishful thinkers .
She giggled during the ceremony , and Mousie Chandler , who was one of Linda's bridesmaids , said John glared black as death at her .
She didn't have a bad shape when you caught her at the pool at Longue Vue , but her bathing suits were far from smart .
She never could fit into a crowd which had known , which still knew and admired Linda .
When there was bridge at Edythe's house , the cards shuffled like wet graham crackers and the food probably was wet graham crackers .
She managed a missionary drive for the church once and got the books so confused that old Mr. Webber , the eldest elder , who'd never donated more than five dollars to anything , had to cough up five hundred dollars to avoid a scandal in what Edythe called `` the bosoms of the church '' .
John did find the missing checks and money afterward , and the drive was actually oversubscribed , which was a real bit of luck for the missionaries .
Being an intelligent man , John must have guessed what everyone thought about Edythe , but he never let on by so much as a brave smile .
Poor John was the kind of stock that keeps a bargain without whimpering and maybe bends over backward to keep a bad one .
`` Don't think Linda couldn't have got John back any time , if she'd tried '' , Mousie Gordon , who had been Mousie Chandler , said between bites of a chicken sandwich at a luncheon table at Le Mont .
What she felt was a bone-deep loss with a sense of waste to it , not so much sorrow for handsome , ambitious Bobbie , but for the lost years that had been brought into high relief by his death .
She knew what people were thinking ; ;
it was what she had been thinking herself .
There was no one who would blame her or John ; ;
But what was a decent six months or so after the more than twenty years gone by ? ?
Alloy steels and regular steels had different sales departments at Smith & MacIsaacs , where John and Bobbie both worked .
So when old Mr. Lovejoy , the company president , talked about putting in a single sales manager for both branches after the head of the regular steels had gone with Carnegie-Illinois , it looked like the perfect chance for Bobbie .
For Linda knew how to help her husband , not just the Stuart-family contacts but also the little dinners for Reuben Lovejoy .
She was almost sick when Bobbie came home with the news that Poor John had won the job .
`` What did you do '' ? ?
Linda dragooned her uncle , Donald Murkland , into a lunch the next day to find out what had happened .
But jolly old Uncle Donald would tell her no more than that Bobbie had certainly been considered for the job , but there were factors in a large company which outsiders and even some insiders couldn't understand .
He didn't tell her of the long board meeting where Bobbie and John were weighed one against the other .
When he was made a vice president only a year after the new sales job , a leading business magazine ran his photograph with a brief biography in a series on national business leaders of the future .
It was past midnight and we were in bed when the phone rang .
I stumbled through the hall , wondering who would be calling at this hour .
We're at Ken Thom's apartment , and when one couple leaves early everything falls flat ! !
I was all set for what came next .
`` I can't make it in ten minutes '' -- Wondering , as I said it , why I should make it at all .
Why should I go over at midnight to check on Francie , when her parents didn't care enough to leave a party ? ?
But because there was the chance that something had gone wrong at the apartment , and if I didn't go over , who would ? ?
I dressed in the kitchen , then left a note on the table telling him what had happened .
You know how gossip of that sort spreads through an apartment building '' --
Not a word of thanks for what I'd already done .
Well , there wasn't any law that said I had to stay ! !
But then I looked at Shirley and thought that I might as well -- the child needed her sleep , and Heaven knew what kind of a mess it would be , with Wally coming home drunk .
`` He told Ken to his face that he doesn't have what it takes to get a woman ! !
`` How can you be so damn stupid ? ?
`` I'd had all this trouble with the old man , that's why I drank so much .
But she was beyond caring what she said .
But I couldn't help thinking that Nadine and Wally were getting just what they deserved .
When A bubble breaks , there's nothing .
But , darn it all , why should we help a couple of spoiled snobs who had looked down their noses at us ? ?
When she wasn't crying , she was in our bedroom fighting with Wally .
`` Those damn punks -- taking work away from men who need it '' .
I mentioned it to Chris one stifling hot night , when I had slipped outside for a breath of fresh air .
Part of it was being so tired -- I'd not only had my usual full day yesterday , but a dinner meeting as well , that kept me up late .
A profession that brought me as good an income as mine wasn't to be sneezed at .
Maybe I didn't see as much of Gladdy as I'd like , but how much worse it would have been if I'd had to board her out somewhere after Alice went -- send my daughter to an orphanage or a boarding-home .
The boys were already waiting in the corridor outside my office when I got to Fairview .
Pete came to meet us when we stepped out of the elevator on Seven -- he'd had a case of post-operative shock , but it was all taken care of now .
When we'd finished our regular rounds , Pete pointed me toward the small ward at the end of the floor .
An ugly scar disfigured the somewhat familiar puffy face , already marred by the tell-tale network of broken red veins that heavy drinkers carry .
Although quiet when they brought her in , she'd suddenly turned violent and had to be knocked out .
Turning toward the patient again , I -- I can't describe what happened to me then , except to say that I felt sick .
It was then that I saw what the drawn-back covers revealed .
I told Miss Groggins to move her down the hall where we had an examining table .
`` Well , better see what I can do '' .
What do you want '' ? ?
I was sure that was the difficulty -- she just didn't want to stay here , where she couldn't get to the liquor .
I'd had patients who'd refused surgery before , of course , but never one who didn't show , in one way or another , the reason why .
`` Will you tell me why '' ? ?
`` I don't know what you heard that would make you think so , but I assure you I don't even know myself , so how can you be so sure ? ?
`` But why did you come back '' ? ?
`` Where have you been all these years '' ? ?
As for coming back here -- well , I'll tell you the truth , I didn't even know where I was when I came to .
What she'd said was true -- in all these years , she'd never asked for anything from me .
I no longer knew how deep I was , somewhere under 230 feet , getting drunker , happier and more contented by the second .
It was when I packed up what duds I had and went to Paris .
I had a pocketful of money , which was unusual when I was in the army , and the plane would be grounded all night .
I met Claire , which was better .
When she had drained the last of the bottle and paid her bill , she came directly to my table and said :
Now it was nine years later , and it wasn't spring but winter when I returned .
The next morning a little cognac made me feel better -- but what can you do in Paris on Sunday morning ? ?
That's what was on my mind .
I was turning over the idea of a good debauchery when I dozed off .
I felt better Tuesday evening when I woke up .
I walked around breathing the cold wine of the air until I found a park , and I sat down on a snowy bench where the light was dim and came from the sky .
Suddenly I understood why she had the umbrella .
Hardly glancing at her , I smiled a bleak one which said , Thanks , baby , but I'd rather be alone .
She was silent for a while , then said , `` Why are you so unhappy '' ? ?
I could see the ancient cynicism reinforce itself in her eyes , and I wondered how many men she had picked up with this same gambit .
I think we were very tired , for we awoke at the same moment , deeply rested , surprised to see the late morning sun on the windows , which were wet where the rime had melted .
`` Bon jour '' , I said brightly , sitting up , which pulled the covers to her hips .
`` What is this for '' ? ?
`` Why , to brush your teeth '' .
But I smelled the coffee , and thinking , What the hell , live dangerously , I decided I would scald my worries away .
`` What is this from '' ? ?
Glad to be alone , Theresa climbed the splendid outdoor staircase that opened to her left .
Marvelous , thought Theresa , climbing in her portly , well-bred way , for she was someone who had learned that if you only move slowly enough you have time to notice everything .
how could you be both at once ? ?
Poor Cousin Elec , she thought , tears rising to sting in the sun , but why couldn't he have arranged to live through the summer ? ?
And how on earth did I ever get this letter anyway ? ?
She had reason indeed to wonder how the letter had managed to find her .
No return address whatsoever .
Two days before he was taken sick , Cousin Elec was out worrying about what too much rain might do to his sweetpeas , and Cousin Elec had always preserved in the top drawer of his secretary a mother-of-pearl paper knife which Theresa had coveted as a child and which he had promised she could have when he died .
But alas George , when he had written , had only just returned from going to Tuxapoka to Cousin Elec's funeral .
His own children had suffered from the weakening of those values which he and Theresa had always taken for granted , and as for his grandchildren ( he had one so far , still in diapers ) , he shuddered to think that the true meaning of character might never dawn on them at all .
Theresa had seen him through the right college , into the right fraternity , and though pursued by various girls and various mammas of girls , safely married to the right sort , however much in the early years of that match his wife , Anne , had not seemed to understand poor George .
Could it just be , Theresa wondered , that Anne had understood only too well , and that George all along was extraordinary only in the degree to which he was dull ? ?
They all surrounded him , the family circle , Theresa and George as solemn as if they were watching the cat have kittens , and Cousin Emma running back and forth with a kettle of hot water which she poured steaming into a white enamelled pan .
`` I just hope this happens to you someday '' , said Cousin Elec , who was not at his best .
The other possibility is to make arrangements for her to let out one or two of the rooms to some teacher of good family or one of those solitary old ladies that Tuxapoka is populated with -- Miss Edna Whittaker , for example .
He knew how to spread himself against the borders of the space that had to separate them .
Theresa turned away to escape , and climbed to a higher landing where the steps divided in two .
Of course , it wasn't Anne and George's fault that one family crisis seemed to follow another , and weren't they always emphasizing that they really didn't know what they would do without Theresa ? ?
And I've been told that just about every town , no matter what its size , has its Lucille Warren .
They even talked about Lucille down at the Young Christians' League where I spent a lot of time in Bible classes and helping out with the office work for our foreign mission .
I guess it was at that moment that I realized what I was up against in the person of Lucille Warren .
My love for Johnnie was young and clean -- how could I possibly compete with a woman like that , who didn't hesitate to use her sex .
He had an easy masculine grace about him , the kind that kids don't have , but that I had sometimes admired in other older men .
His smile was quick , and his eyes held some promised secret that made my knees go limp .
But what could I do ? ?
A man had to have his release -- at least that's what the boys used to say in high school -- and I wasn't providing it for Johnnie .
But he wouldn't ask her -- he wasn't the kind of man who would force his wife to submit to him against her will .
`` Who drinks far too much '' .
`` And '' , I was ticking off the items on my fingers , `` swears too much and goes out with the boys , whoever they are , too much , and who ever goes to church and won't even listen when I try to persuade him to come back to the fold '' .
At first , Johnnie hadn't understood -- how could he , not being a religious person like me ? ?
But then he had said , `` All right , kid , if that's how you want it , that's how it'll be '' .
But what had I done , trying to keep us pure ? ?
I was desperate to hold him , to give him whatever in this world he wanted or needed , and to keep him from the clutches of Lucille Warren .
I felt no conflict between what I was doing and my strict religious upbringing .
I had always resisted the passes made at me by other kids , and many times I had thought about my love for Johnnie who , being thirty , brought a maturity to love that the kids around town could know nothing about .
I had also thought a lot about how God must look on true love , and so in a way I was keeping my promise to God , my promise to remain pure until I was married .
It wasn't Johnnie's fault that he was hopelessly tied down to that frightful woman who did her best to make his life unbearable .
No price is too high when true love is at stake .
What could a mere twelve years matter ? ?
It wasn't , I was sure , a difference in age that came between people , but a difference in maturity .
It was only fitting that we seek out whatever joy our union might bring .
The first meeting was held in Faneuil Hall , a great big place where we were able to meet members from all the other states .
My cousin Alma , at whose home I was staying during the convention , introduced me to a group of young people from Rhode Island .
But when Johnnie disguised the taste with ginger ale , I enjoyed it .
C'mon , let's find out where they're keeping the glasses '' .
Today , he looked like an Astronaut who had left his vitamin pills on the bureau and spent six months in space : hollow eyes , hollow cheeks , hollow stomach .
And where was the thing ? ?
He remembered seeing it last night , when he put away his small store of bachelor-type eatables .
This vacation had seemed like a good idea last week , when his doctor had prescribed it .
but Charlie knew what was wrong with him and knew , too , that there was no pill to cure it .
He had loved and lost Vivian Wayne to somebody else , had watched her marry the somebody else , and had caught a bear of a cold by kissing the bride good-by forever , which was really piling it on .
but on further investigation , the thing proved to be a sweater , of the long-hair variety that sheds onto men's jackets -- pale , pale pink and , according to the label , size thirty-four .
Must have really smelled up her sweater , he thought , and wondered idly just why she kept the sweater fast-frozen .
Pink , Vivian once had told him , was for baby girls , and grown-up girls who wore pink were subconsciously clinging to their infancy .
`` Why does this girl keep a sweater in the refrigerator '' ? ?
When Charlie came up from the beach for his four-o'clock pill , the whole establishment ( gaudy enough when seen through mist and fog ) looked like a floodlit modern painting -- great blocks of dizzy color , punctuated at regular intervals by the glaring white of five community refrigerators .
Why don't you try that '' ? ?
He didn't know what was so tough about Vivian's world , slopping around Nassau with what's-his-name .
The only thing , this lotion has glycerin in it , and that whitens the skin , so if you're so anxious to get a tan , you may not want to use it '' .
`` I'm not that anxious , but maybe that's why you're so fair '' .
The new Riverside pitcher turned out to have an overhand fast ball that took a hop .
When the inning was over he cursed the Anniston catcher all the way into the dugout .
Phil Rossoff said : `` Why don't you leave him alone '' ? ?
He stepped into the dugout , wondering why Deegan was always looking for trouble .
When Deegan smiled his eyes never fit in with his lips .
When the ballplayers started to carry the catcher off the field he said : `` That ought to teach the sonofabitch '' .
`` That's what you say '' .
He called in the pitcher who had been pitching , and a big , heavy , powerfully built right hander moved out to the mound for Anniston .
When he finally did he had to duck his head quickly away as the pitch came in .
Phil Rossoff and two other Riverside players did not go out on the field when the fighting started .
After the game , Phil was taking off his sweatshirt in the dressing room when Mike Deegan came in .
`` It's a helluva thing '' , Mike said , looking at Phil , `` when a guy's own team-mate won't come out and help him in a fight '' .
`` Why the hell didn't you come out when you saw them gang up on me '' ? ?
`` Is this because of what happened out there '' ? ?
`` But it does confirm what I've suspected all along '' .
`` What the hell do you think baseball is ? ?
You're not in the big leagues , but if you can't give and take down here what the hell do you think it'll be like up there '' ? ?
`` Now don't tell me what a good ball player you are .
But what you haven't got is the heart to back up that talent with .
`` What difference does your batting average make ? ?
I tell you when it's necessary to hurt in order to win -- you won't do it .
That's what I mean by no heart for the game .
He did it because he knows for each guy he puts out of commission that's one less who might take his job away later on .
What the hell do you think baseball is ? ?
And you've got to be ready to cut to ribbons anybody who wants to take your way of life away from you '' ! !
`` What happened '' ? ?
`` What for '' ? ?
Then Frankie said : `` What are you gonna do '' ? ?
`` What are you gonna do , Phil '' ? ?
`` Why not try another club '' ? ?
What the hell right did Eddie have saying a thing like that ? ?
He just didn't know what he was talking about , saying a thing like that .
`` Do what '' ? ?
What else did Eddie have to say '' ? ?
When he was twelve he took to reading St. Augustine and Aquinas , then Lao-tse , Confucius , Mencius , Suzuki , Hindu tomes by endless Krishnaists and numerous socio-archaeological papers .
And one day , on her own , his mother came home with a present entitled The Book of the Dead , which she suspected Richard would enjoy .
At dinner one night , when he was fourteen , Richard announced , `` There is only one god '' .
His interest in the formal study of religion waned when he was sixteen and he substituted for it an interest in Asian affairs .
Although he still didn't speak to anyone , he grew fond of saying , `` The future lies in Asia '' , when the opportunity arose , and when he graduated from high school his parents sent him to New York to give him a foundation , they said , for his life in Asian studies .
He was awarded a fellowship to continue his studies in Tokyo and he packed up his clothes , the biwa upon which he had been practicing and his image of Acala , and left to spend a week at home before leaving the country .
His mother , who had seen little of him for four years , appeared worried about his sailing off by himself for an Orient which , she herself having slight knowledge of it , had to be distrusted .
She seemed to work to grow close to her son in the few days he spent at home , talking to him about some of the more pleasant moments of his childhood and then trying to talk to him about those things in which he alone was interested .
As for The Book of the Dead , it along with his other books on religion had been incarcerated in a furnace in the basement of the building in which he had lived in New York .
Richard left America with his clothes , his biwa and his image of Acala and , on the freighter which took him to Japan , he plucked at the biwa , trying to make the sounds he wrought resemble an ancient Japanese tune he had once heard .
During his second week at sea he brought the curious melody out of the instrument and suddenly wanted to force the biwa to remain at just that moment in its history when it had given him pleasure .
In Tokyo Richard took up a life similar to that which he had lived in New York , except that he had replaced his biwa with a friend .
In Charlotte , Richard saw a frankness and a zest for doing things which , after a fashion , he envied .
Richard thought it a more promising remark than any made during the last conversation , but Charlotte's manner during the gatherings was more flippant and superficial than when she was alone with him and he was sure her remark would lead to nothing much better than the pointless words which had preceded it .
Three of the four persons present , all foreign students in Tokyo , had been playing a game of judging popular Japanese foods by the In and Out system , an equation in which Zen philosophy was used as the modifier .
And the man who brought sweet potatoes into Kanto is buried there , next to a beautiful seated statue of Fudo .
Oh , that's what I meant to tell you .
He found himself trying to remember something , but he couldn't decide even the nature of what it was he worked to recall .
He had almost given up when he realized that the dropping of his biwa into the icy jowls of the black Pacific was the memory for which he had been searching .
When he at last did go to his room , he couldn't sleep and instead paced up and down before his little image of Acala , thinking first of Charlotte's tale of the man at Ryusenji , then of his biwa and the invisible Pacific waters .
And the next morning , not sure of why he went , he took the train to Fudomae and walked to Ryusenji .
He was surprised by the sharp sensation he experienced as he approached the pool which Charlotte had mentioned .
He went through a gate to stand at the edge of the water and gazed at the two thin falls which dropped from large spigots high at the back of the pool .
On the hillside above was caged what might have been an incarnation of Fudo , or perhaps a demon .
The sensation he so overwhelmingly realized was one which told him he had been there before but he knew he had not , and could not recall any place he had visited to be likened to the limpid green water or the little fountain-falls or the green demon imprisoned beyond his reach .
I was thinking of the heat and of water that morning when I was plowing the stubble field far across the hill from the farm buildings .
I had turned at the corner of the field and I had to look back to raise the plow and then to drop it again into the earth , and I was thinking of the boy and the water anyway , and when I looked again down the furrow , the snake was there .
It lay half in the furrow and half out , and the front wheels had rolled nearly up to it when I put in the clutch .
I had never liked snakes much , I still had that kind of quick panic that I'd had as a child whenever I saw one , but this snake was clean and bright and very beautiful .
I had killed snakes before , when I was younger , but there had been no animal like this one , and I knew it was unthinkable that an animal such as that should die .
The body caressed through my hands like cool satin , and my hands , usually tanned and dark , were pale beside it , and I asked it where the fire colors could come from the coolness of that body .
I had my back to the corner of the triangular field that pointed towards the house .
The earth was a little heavy and I had to stop once and clean the plowshares because they were not scouring properly , and I did not look back towards the place until I had turned the corner and was plowing across the upper line of the large field , a long way from where I had stopped because of the snake .
I felt myself tremble , thinking of the diamond light of that beauty I had held a few moments before , and I wanted to run down there and halt , if I could , that frenetic pirouette , catch the boy in the moment of his savagery , and save a glimmer , a remnant , of that which I remembered , but I knew it was already too late .
My head began to ache , and the fumes of the tractor began to bother my eyes , and I hated the job suddenly , and I thought , there are only moments when one sees beautiful things , and these are soon crushed , or they vanish .
I saw then , too , the stake driven straight and hard into the plowed soil , through something there where I had been not long before .
`` Why did you kill it '' ? ?
Didn't you see how beautiful it was '' ? ?
The boy skipped along beside me , and he was contented with what he had done .
`` I'm going to tell everybody how big a snake I killed '' .
`` Don't you see what you have done '' ? ?
I wanted to slap his face , to wipe forever the insolence and brutal glee from his mouth , and I decided then , very suddenly , what I would do .
This was the letter which would or would not enroll his son , David , in Hanford .
His son who had never held an office in any organization in the eighteen years of his life .
His son who did not know whether he wanted to be doctor , lawyer , merchant or chief .
Look at Pete Alcorn , who hadn't missed a Hanford ball game in fifteen years .
Mr. Partlow could still feel a cold sweat on his slightly gray temples as he remembered what a near thing chemistry had been for him at Hanford .
He stopped and looked at the picture of his son , the picture on his desk which had changed with the years from a laughing baby to a candidate for Hanford College .
How do you tell a college president that your son doesn't know what he wants to do ? ?
How do you tell a college like Hanford that your son has a vast potential , that he will find himself ? ?
Cady snapped the Venetian blind shut and slammed himself down before the typewriter , rolled in a fresh sheet , and gave his letter the same savage attention he bestowed on a salesman who needed to have the bucket taken off his thick head .
What a production to make of a letter commending your own son ! !
She said what she meant and let it be .
Cady looked at Tom , who had taken him up and down for fifteen years .
`` I was just thinking how things have changed .
When I went to college they begged you to come .
He suddenly realized when he walked into his own pretty darned expensive house that he needed the Martini Anne had waiting for him .
`` Why not let him take it , Cady ? ?
Here's what I wrote '' .
Cady handed her the letter , drank his coffee and waited with what he suddenly realized was belligerence .
That was when half the school was down with flu '' .
`` What do you suggest '' ? ?
`` And what would you say he wants to do ? ?
Just what '' ? ?
`` It's Dave who is applying to Hanford College .
Why don't you ask him '' ? ?
Remember what you used to say in the Army ? ?
When he rose in the morning , the image was still there .
In his bachelor days , his bedroom had been strewn with clothes which his mother , or later the hotel maid , generally saw fit to put in order .
The smooth curve of her neck , very white against hair which curled against it like petals .
Her hair was the color of those blooms which in seed catalogues are referred to as `` black '' , but since no flower is actually without color contain always a hint of grape or purple or blue -- he wanted to draw the broad patina of hair through his fingers , searching it slowly for a trace of veining which might reveal its true shade beneath the darkness .
Or against her back , pressed on the column of vertebrae , which held her so magnificently straight and unyielding , until the segments of bone made tiny sharp cracking noises , like the snapped stem of a tulip .
All Martin thought he needed was time : to what better use could time be put ? ?
It was on the tenth day after the wedding ( how could it have been so soon ? ?
In the morning the shorts were where he had left them .
The shorts would not be on the floor when he came home that evening .
She'll rush to the bedroom when the doorbell rings .
There was something about private feminine whisperings which always made him feel scabrous and unclean .
He remembered his mother gossiping with her neighborhood women friends , lowering her voice to a penetrating hoarseness which might be trusted to carry to the head of the stairs , where he crouched listening .
he had in fact said simply that he wished the thing hadn't happened , which was as honest as he could put it .
Angrily Martin wished they had delayed the wedding and gone on a trip -- preferably one that lasted months -- instead of deciding not to postpone the date until he could get away .
Here they were at the mercy of anyone who chose to come by .
It was curious how the different visitors took this .
What to talk about ? ?
Dolores kept picking up any of his clothes ( except the fatal shorts ) which he left about , but he had been robbed of pleasure in scattering his possessions .
In his moments of worst agony , Martin imagined what his friends were saying .
He had thought her exactly what he wanted .
Everyone would know why ; ;
Alternately he had periods of hostile defeatism in which he determined sullenly , morosely , to live out his life in this fashion .
When the solution finally came to him , one night while he was in bed , he was so shaken by its simplicity that he could only wonder why it had not occurred to him before .
He felt that it would be a particular humiliation to Dolores to pick up her own underwear which he had laid on the floor .
On the other hand , if she didn't remove her own things , it would be difficult to explain to the parade of guests which traversed the apartment .
She had used his rumpled shorts as the very image of his childishness , his lack of control , his general male looseness , while she remained cool , airy , and untouched , the charming teacher who disciplined an unruly body .
Ah , he thought , she's going through the chain of reasoning which says she might really just as well pick up my shorts too .
He saw that in a moment she had grasped all the implications of a plot which had been weeks in occurring to him .
As he relaxed that day , Martin realized how tense he had been these past weeks .
He found that he no longer hated Dolores ( he knew how much he had hated her ) , and he was surprised at a resurgence of an affectionate feeling .
How did he start on such a ride to brief glory ? ?
Mr. Willis bought Zenith Plastic Products , a skeleton corporation of sorts which had undergone many vicissitudes and whose principal assets were a couple of electronics plants on Long Island engaged in working out government contracts , and installed Freddy in an executive position .
Whatever the reasons , Willis and Bryan started expanding Zenith .
They acquired another electronics factory , a specialized ceramics company , an organization that built -- very experimentally -- high-speed research calculators .
The Allstates Auto Company , a medium-sized firm which manufactured four-wheel-drive vehicles and other off-road equipment , had recently constructed an over-large , modern plant in a burst of misguided optimism .
and if he wasn't entirely committed to what he did , he was at least fascinated by the chance of wider opportunities .
I know a guy named Jack Hamrick , a very bright young engineer who was with Chrysler , and I took him with me to Allstates .
It's his expert opinion that the plant isn't well suited to what you have in mind .
Missiles have thrown everything up for grabs , and nobody seems to be sure where we go from here .
The future of manned aircraft is in doubt , which affects government procurement , and jet transports have revolutionized the airline trade -- one jet can take the place of three compound-engine planes .
Can't you stay with what you have and wait till the dust settles '' ? ?
`` Which is a frightful prospect , Bill '' .
His recent experience in motor car advertising , a love for cars of themselves , the existence of A-Z's useless Wisconsin set-up , exposure to exciting conceptions of Hamrick's that nobody would buy , and the coincidental recent failure of a respected but out-dated small-car manufacturer called Ticonderoga Motors had given him an idea of such dimensions he was almost afraid to broach it .
Look what those little European jobs are doing .
Why not come down smartly in the world , in a chic fashion , with an Allstates-Zenith '' ? ?
`` I know what I'm talking about in that department '' .
Why won't you give me a chance '' ? ?
For it seems that Barco , fancying himself a ladies' man ( and why not , after seven marriages ? ?
) , had listed himself for Mormon Beard roles at the instigation of his fourth murder victim who had said : `` With your beard , dear , you ought to be in movies '' ! !
At the moment , Barco's back was to the road so he didn't see the detectives close in on his convertible which , in their quest for the stolen lap rug , they proceeded to search .
The robe , however , was missing , for by that time Barco had disposed of it at a pawnshop in Glendale .
The detective , commenting on Barco's behavior , felt that he merely belonged among the myriad citizens of our community who are mentally unhinged -- that he was a more or less harmless `` nut '' ! !
However while in his cell awaiting trial for theft , Barco , in a fit of apprehension , made an attempt to take his own life .
The attempt had failed because , when endeavoring to cut his wrists , this murderer of seven women had fainted at the sight of blood .
A man of vaulting ambition , with one eye on the mayorship of Los Angeles , nothing ever escaped him which might possibly lead to personal publicity .
Welch wanted to know why .
But if true , it was the case of which he had dreamed , the case which would throw him into headlines all over America as the hero of a great murder trial .
The next day the police captain , in derision , organized what he termed `` Welch's Wild Goose Chase '' .
Barco , his state of apprehension gone , never to return , had assumed a matter-of-factness which remained his principal attitude from that time on .
The captain was remarking that it was a nice day for a picnic when finally one of the shovels struck an object .
Every new scandal which would provide more `` copy '' for Marshall's pen would thus mean more publicity for Welch .
I knew that both these cynics were waiting with impatience for the dramatic moment when Viola was called to the stand .
It would be fine publicity for the man who was willing to walk to the mayor's throne over the broken reputation of a helpless girl ! !
I studied Welch closely as the trial progressed for any hint which might give me a lead as to how he might be thwarted .
And it so happened that adjacent to a couch on which she had taken refuge was a small table on which she noted a vase of red rosebuds ; ;
while projecting from beneath the couch were a pair of feet which , as Fate would have it , belonged to District Attorney Welch .
A little later the district attorney woke up , emerged from under the couch , looked at his watch , and realized he had an engagement that very hour to address a meeting of the Culture Forum on `` The Civic Spirit of the Southland '' , in the Byzantine room of the hotel where his wife , as president of the forum , was to preside .
He made his way to his host's bedroom where he carefully brushed himself off , neatly arranged his hair , and painstakingly selected his hat from the many on the bed .
He never rested until he discovered who the culprit was , and when he did , he vowed vengeance on Viola Lake if ever the chance came his way .
Now the Czarship had not affected my own sense of social values , but Mother had attained a reflected glory through it , which had opened the doors of Los Angeles-Pasadena Society to her .
There , Mother was received by the scions of aristocratic lines which are dominated by the Budweisers ( of beer derivation ) , the Chalmers ( of underwear origin ) , and the Heinzes ( whose forbears founded a nationally famous trade in pickles ) .
In fact , it was not until the King of Spain had visited at Pickfair that Mary and Doug were beckoned to cross the sacred barriers which separate Los Angeles and Pasadena from the hoi-polloi .
Mother even went so far as to trump up for me matrimonial opportunities with Pasadena debs who had been educated abroad , and with those of the more lenient Los Angeles area where a debutante was a girl who had been to high school .
But at long last came a time when I broke away from Mother and her society `` chi-chi '' in order to spend a cosy evening with Viola and her chaperon at her home .
However , such a hotbed of gossip had grown up during the trial , that every precaution had to be taken to keep my visit from being whispered to the world , Society , and even , alas , to my own mother .
When I arrived at Viola's I was shown , to my surprise , into the kitchen .
Louise climbed onto a stool and clutched the hand with which I was trying to hold the phone , claiming my immediate attention on grounds of extreme emergency .
Soon we were deep in a conversation that was interrupted many times by little things like Jennie's holding her breath and pretending to black out , Miranda's dumping the contents of the sugar bowl on the table , and various screeches , thuds , and giggles .
Under the circumstances , I had difficulty keeping up with the conversation on the phone , but when I hung up I was reasonably certain that Francesca had wanted to remind me of our town meeting the next evening , and how important it was that Hank and I be there .
What I meant to say was that I started to start in on the dishes by gathering them all together in the kitchen sink .
They looked so formidable , however , so demanding , that I found myself staring at them in dismay and starting to woolgather again , this time about Francesca and her husband .
How about them , I thought .
They had been kind to us and we were indebted to them for one or two pleasant dinners , and for information as to where to shop , which dentist , doctor , plumber , and sitter to call ( not that there was much of a choice , since Catatonia was just a village ; ;
She patronized Greenwich Village artists for awhile , then put some money into a Broadway show which was successful ( terrible , but successful ) .
They were married at a lavish ceremony which was duly recorded in Parvenu and all other magazines and newspapers , and then they honeymooned in Bermuda .
`` You are bound to get involved with people when you have children '' , Fran had told me at our first meeting , `` so it is good to know that those with whom you get involved are not just dreary little housewives and dull husbands , but People Who Do Things '' .
Their house was a centuries-old Colonial which they had had restored ( guided by an eminent architect ) and updated , and added on to .
It seemed , indeed , that their house was not so much a home , but rather a perfect stage set , and that they were actors who had been handed fat roles in a successful play , and had talent enough to fill the roles competently , with nice understatement .
Practically the only enthusiasm they showed was when they were discussing `` names '' ; ;
You should hear the reverence in Fran's voice when she said `` Baccarat '' or `` Steuben '' or `` Madame Alexander '' .
I had once been a witness when Blanche had smiled and said with only minimum ruefulness , `` Oh , my souffle has collapsed '' .
Anyone knows how a real , red-blooded woman would react to such a catastrophe ! !
After five minutes with Blanche , one might welcome the astringency of Grazie , who was a sort of Gwen Cafritz to Francesca's Perle Mesta .
Francesca and Grazie were habitual committee chairmen and they usually managed to be elected co-chairmen , equal bosses , of whatever PTA or civic project was being launched .
She it was who had looked to see if I was wearing shoes upon learning that I couldn't drive .
She lived in an ultra-modern house whose decoration , appointments , paint , and even pets were chosen to complement her coloring ; ;
Her uniform was of rich , raw silk , in a shade which matched her hair , skin , housepaint , and cats , and since she was so thin as to be almost shapeless , she rather resembled a frozen fish stick .
They were always leaping to light cigarettes , open car doors , fill plates or glasses , and I mistrusted the whole lot of them to the same degree that I mistrusted bake shops that called themselves `` Sanitary Bake Shops '' .
'' I thought , and wondered what kind of homesteads such odd pioneers would establish in this suburban frontier ; ;
pioneers who looked like off-duty gardeners even at parent-teacher conferences and who never called the school principal `` Mister '' .
I sighed , thinking that among other things , people here seemed to be those who would have to cut down if they earned less than $85,000 yearly ; ;
people who would give their teeth for a chance to get on `` Person to Person '' ; ;
people who thought it was nice to be important , but not important to be nice ; ;
who were more ingratiating than gracious , more personalities than persons .
In my estimation , they were people who read Daphne du Maurier , and discussed Kafka ; ;
Reverently and raised their eyes , as if they were at a loss to describe how they felt about Kafka , which they were , because they had no opinions about Kafka , not having read Kafka .
They were , I felt , people invariably trying to prove not who , but what they were , and trying to determine what , not who , others were .
The cake was received in a stunned silence that was evidence in itself of the dearth of taste thrills Mama had been providing .
How dared they demand to `` snoop '' in private financial records , disbursements , confidential contracts and agreements ? ?
`` It is as though '' , I said on the historic three-hour , coast-to-coast radio broadcast which I bought ( following Father Coughlin and pre-empting the Eddie Cantor , Manhattan Merry-go-round and Major Bowes shows ) `` That Man in the White House , like some despot of yore , insisted on reading my diary , raiding my larder and ransacking my lingerie ! !
But what quarter could a poor defenseless woman expect from a dictator who would even make so bold as to close all of the banks in our great nation ? ?
The savage barbarian hordes of red Russian Communism descended on the Athens that was mighty Metronome , sacking and despoiling with their Bolshevistic battle cry of `` Soak the rich ' ! !
After an unspeakable siege , lasting the better part of two months , it was announced that the studio `` owed '' the government a tax debt in excess of eight million dollars while I , who had always remained aloof from such iniquitous practices as paying taxes on the salary I had earned and the little I legally inherited as Morris' helpless relict , was `` stung '' with a personal bill of such astronomical proportions as to `` wipe out '' all but a fraction of my poor , hard-come-by savings .
Not only were the court costs prohibitive , but I was subjected to crippling fines , in addition to usurious interest on the unpaid `` debts '' which the government claimed that Metronome and I owed -- a severe financial blow .
I point now with pride to the fact that , long ere the Committee on Un-American Activities , the Minute Women , the Economic Council and other such notable `` watchdog '' organizations were so much as heard of , I was Hollywood's leading bulwark against communism , fighting single-handedly `` creeping socialism '' against such insuperable odds as the Fascio-Communist troops of the NRA , PWA , WPA , CCC and an army of more than twenty-two million mercenaries whom F.D.R. employed secretly , through the transparent ruse of regular `` relief '' checks .
Even though I have always had a genius for `` throwing myself '' into every role and `` playing it for all it's worth '' , no actress can be expected to do her best work when her fortune , her reputation , her livelihood , her home and her nation itself are all imperilled .
Having ( through my unflagging effort and devotion ) achieved stardom , a fortune and a world-renowned wife at an age when most young men are casting their first vote , Letch proceeded to neglect them all .
As for his finances , I was never privileged to know exactly how much money Letch had `` salted away '' .
It was I who paid for our little home , the food , the liquor , the servants -- even Letch's bills at his tailor and the Los Angeles Athletic Club .
Having the deepest of maternal instincts , my heart fairly bled when I thought of the darling pink and white `` bundles from heaven '' I would have proudly given my husband .
`` Ah , you're too old '' , was invariably his ungallant and untrue retort whenever I suggested `` starting a family '' .
Yet I adored this man , Letch Feeley , why , I cannot say .
The times I can recall when I was publicly humiliated by him -- lovely dinner parties in our Trianon Suite where the collation was postponed and postponed and postponed , only to be served dry and overcooked at a table where the host's chair was vacant ; ;
a `` splash party '' at the new pool , which I had built in the hope of keeping Letch away from public beaches , when Letch and a certain Aquacutie stayed underwater together for the better part of an hour ; ;
a lovely Epiphany party at Errol Flynn's , on which sacred occasion Letch stole away with an unknown `` starlet '' , leaving me `` high and dry '' to get home as best I could .
As Letch's antisocial conduct increased , our invitations decreased and my heart was in my mouth whenever I played hostess at a fashionable `` screenland '' gathering .
But in order to keep Letch in the public eye and out of trouble , I wrote in a part especially for him -- that of a dashing ruffian who `` sees the light '' and is saved by the inspiring example of Mother Cabrini .
Did he trouble to memorize the very small part which I had `` tailor-made '' to his specifications , a role eventually cut down to three short speeches ? ?
Whenever he deigned to appear at the studio he was `` hung over '' , uncooperative , rude and insulting .
Only George Santayana seemed to understand and appreciate the film when he wrote : `` Miss Poitrine has perpetrated the most eloquent argument for the Protestant faith yet unleashed by Hollywood '' .
) The film was called The Diet of Worms , which I felt was just what Letch deserved .
At the same time , however , I availed myself of the services of that great English actor and master of make-up , Sir Gauntley Pratt , to do a `` quickie '' called The Mystery of the Mad Marquess , in which I played a young American girl who inherits a haunted castle on the English moors which is filled with secret passages and sliding panels and , unbeknownst to anyone , is still occupied by an eccentric maniac .
`` What is Letch interested in '' ? ?
The difficulty was that each day seemed to produce its quota of details which must be cleaned up immediately .
Once he disposed of these items which screamed so harshly for attention , he could undertake the things which really counted .
Regardless of how much of a slob you knew yourself to be , you could be certain they would never find out -- and even if they did it would make no difference .
What in the world were you going to do with a lot of dogs when you left for town on Monday afternoons ? ?
Why in the world couldn't he live in one place the way everyone else seemed to ? ?
How in the world had he formerly found time to build up a business , raise a family , be on half a dozen boards , work actively on committees and either go out in the evening or plow through the contents of a bulging brief case ? ?
Perhaps it was his misfortune , or good fortune , whichever way one looked at it , to belong to the former group , and he was struggling unconsciously to build up pressure in a world which demanded none , which was positively antagonistic to it .
And then again perhaps the reason why he couldn't find time to do any of the things he had planned to do after retirement : reading , roaming , gardening , lying on his back and watching the clouds go by , was because he didn't want to do them .
During all his busy life he had only done things which had to be done .
This habit had become so fixed over the years that it seemed futile to do anything for which no one was waiting .
He went down to Mills and Bradley's Hardware Store and bought a full set of carpenter's tools , including a rotary power saw and several other pieces of power machinery that Mr. Mills said were essential for babbiting and doweling , whatever they were .
He also bought a huge square of pegboard for hanging up his tools , and lumber for his workbench , sandpaper and glue and assorted nails , levels and T squares and plumb lines and several gadgets that he had no idea how to use or what they were for .
When he returned home , the station wagon loaded with tools , Jinny had gone with a friend to some meeting in the village , using the recently purchased second car .
That was where the pegboard would go on which he would hang his hand tools .
The old nightmare which had caused him so many wakeful hours came charging in on him once more , only this time he couldn't pacify it with a sleeping pill and send it away .
How in the world did one attach a pegboard to a stone wall ? ?
How did one attach anything to a stone wall , for that matter ? ?
But then , when you stuck things into the holes , why didn't they come right out again ? ?
A workbench had a heavy top and sturdy legs , but how did you attach sturdy legs to a heavy top so that the whole thing didn't wobble like a newborn calf and ultimately collapse when you leaned on it ? ?
Mr. Mills had done some figuring on a scrap of paper and given him the various kinds of boards and two-by-fours which , properly handled , would , he had assured him , turn into a workbench .
How could anyone know what to do with an assortment like that ? ?
Perhaps he had better have someone help him put up the pegboard and build the workbench -- someone who knew what he was about .
That was why he hadn't been able to finish the porch .
Carpenters all wanted steady work and at the moment every mother's son for twenty miles around that could hammer nails for twenty-five dollars a day was working on the school job .
Nobody liked to hire him because you never could tell when he was going to be taken drunk .
If he was sober , which was doubtful , he'd have him get in touch with Mr. Crombie .
Mr. Blatz had been at least sober enough to remember to telephone and he turned out to be the greatest boon that had come into Mr. Crombie's life since he moved to Highfield , in spite of the fact that he didn't work very fast or very long at a time , and he didn't like to work at all unless Mr. Crombie hung around and talked to him .
At the same time he watched carefully to see how one attached pegboards to stone walls , but Mr. Blatz was usually standing in his line of vision and it all seemed so simple that he didn't like to disclose his ignorance .
Without further discussion he appeared the next morning with a pile of boards sticking over the end of his light truck and proceeded with the paneling , which he then stained and waxed according to his taste .
That ain't too bad 'ceptin' the light company's so busy you can't ever get 'em to do nothin' '' .
At least the moment was postponed when he had to face the mystery of the power tools .
`` We won't live long enough if I wait for you , besides which you don't need to worry -- there'll be plenty more '' .
And a witty American journalist remarked over a century ago what is even more true today , `` Many a writer seems to think he is never profound except when he can't understand his own meaning '' .
`` Did you or did you not say what I said you said , because Jane said you never said what I said '' ? ?
Evidently Bill was another of those men who simply don't understand women .
Another case involves a newspaper reporter who tripped up a politician .
Questions like this , framed in verbal fog , are perhaps the only kind that have ever stumped an experienced politician .
Similarly , when a reporter once questioned Lincoln in cryptic fashion , Lincoln refused to make any further statement .
`` Senator '' , said an interviewer , `` your constituents can't understand from your speech last night just how you stand on the question '' .
A verse familiar to all grammarians is the quatrain : `` I saw a man once beat his wife When on a drunken spree .
Now can you tell me who was drunk -- The man , his wife , or me '' ? ?
When radio came in , it continued the misplaced modifier in its routines as a standard device .
In one cartoon a family is shown outside a theater with the head of the family addressing the doorman : `` Excuse me , but when we came out we found that we had left my daughter's handbag and my wife's behind '' .
Readers of the Reader's Digest are familiar with such items which often appear in its lists of verbal slips , like the ad in a California paper that advertised `` House for rent .
A weekly newspaper reported a local romance : `` and the couple were married last Saturday , thus ending a friendship which began in their schooldays '' .
Then there was the caterer's ad which read : `` are you getting married or having an affair ? ?
This slip is so-called because its semi-ambiguous English always seems to refer to a person's anatomy but never quite means what it seems to say .
Such items recall the California journalist who reported an accident involving a movie star : `` The area in which Miss N -- was injured is spectacularly scenic '' .
When a witness at court was asked if he had been kicked in the ensuing rumpus , he replied , `` No , it was in the stomach '' .
There are many grammatical misconstructions other than dangling modifiers and anatomicals which permit two different interpretations .
The puzzled saleslady inquired , `` How large is your house , Madam '' ? ?
When a customer asked for alligator shoes , she said , `` What size is your alligator '' ? ?
One species is restricted to statements which are neither explicit nor precise regarding a particular person , place , time or thing .
This baffling lack of distinct details recalls the secretary whose employer was leaving the office and told her what to answer if anyone called in his absence .
Where were you '' ? ?
Why , it's all right , isn't it , Mother '' ? ?
`` It's only that I like to know where you go '' .
Indefinite reference also carries double-meaning where an allusion to one person or thing seems to refer to another .
A politician was approached by a man seeking the office of a minor public official who had just died .
`` What are my chances for taking Joe's place '' ? ?
The manager of a movie theater received a telephone call from a woman who was equally indefinite .
`` What have you got on today '' ? ?
When a question contains two verbs , the response does not make clear which of them is being answered .
Ambiguity arises when the pronoun it carries a twofold reference .
One said , `` When I get a cold I buy a bottle of whiskey for it , and within a few hours it's gone '' .
I called the other afternoon on my old friend , Graves Moreland , the Anglo-American literary critic -- his mother was born in Ohio -- who lives alone in a fairy-tale cottage on the Upson Downs , raising hell and peacocks , the former only when the venerable gentleman becomes an angry old man about the state of literature or something else that is dwindling and diminishing , such as human stature , hope , and humor .
After Gagarin became the Greatest Man in the World , for a nation that does not believe in the cult of personality or in careerism , Moreland wrote me a letter in which he said : `` I am not interested in how long a bee can live in a vacuum , or how far it can fly .
`` I have come to talk with you about the future of humor and comedy '' , I told him , at which he started slightly , and then made us each a stiff drink , with a trembling hand .
We now have not only what has been called over here the comedy of menace but we also have horror jokes , magazines known as Horror Comics , and sick comedians .
`` If we cannot tell evil , horror , and insanity from nonsense , what is the future of humor and comedy '' ? ?
`` They require , for existence , a brave spirit and a high heart , and where do you find these ? ?
`` I know what you mean '' , Moreland sighed .
I'm not pleading for the heart that leaps up when it beholds a rainbow in the sky , or for the heart that with rapture fills and dances with the daffodils .
The sentimental pure heart of Galahad is gone with the knightly years , but I still believe in the heart of the George Meredith character that was not made of the stuff that breaks '' .
`` Moore and Longfellow didn't have the fate that faces us '' , Moreland said .
When it was worn in the breast , or even on the sleeve , we at least knew where it was '' .
`` What has impressed you most on your present visit '' ? ?
`` Too many of our writers seem to be interested only in creatures that crawl out of the woodwork or from under the rock '' .
It now means ominous , as when one speaks of a funny sound in the motor ; ;
disturbing , as when one says that a friend is acting funny ; ;
and frightening , as when a wife tells the police that it is funny , but her husband hasn't been home for two days and nights '' .
Moreland sat brooding for a full minute , during which I made each of us a new drink .
He took his glass , clinked it against mine , and said , `` Toujours gai , what the hell '' ! !
Recently , by the way , I received a questionnaire in which I was asked whether or not I was non-institutionalized '' .
`` Do you remember the woman in the French Alps who was all alone with her sheep one day when the sun darkened ominously ? ?
`` If you saw the drama called Rhinoceros '' , I said , `` think of the effect it would have on an audience of rhinos when the actor on stage suddenly begins turning into a rhinoceros .
Nevertheless , like any other human being upon whom the spotlight of the world plays continually , Khrushchev , the anti-personality cultist , has become a comic actor , or thinks he has .
It consists in saying , ' That would be sending the goat to look after the cabbage .
Why in the name of his non-God doesn't he vary it a bit '' ? ?
`` What a nasty fall was there '' ! !
`` The world that was once foot-loose and fancy-free '' , he said , `` has now become screw-loose and frenzy-free .
`` The human ego being what it is '' , I put in , `` science fiction has always assumed that the creatures on the planets of a thousand larger solar systems than ours must look like gigantic tube-nosed fruit bats .
It seems to me that the first human being to reach one of these planets may well learn what it is to be a truly great and noble species '' .
Why do we not realize that no ideology believes so much in itself as it disbelieves in something else ? ?
It isn't what the ideologist believes in , but what he hates , that puts the world in jeopardy .
This is the force , in our time and in every other time , that urges the paranoiac and the manic-depressive to become head of a state .
I wrote a few years ago that one of the cardinal rules of writing is that the reader should be able to get some idea of what the story is about .
They wanted to see what his back felt like -- the General's .
Arlene was boosting them up when the policeman came by .
Arlene was so ashamed that she hung her head when she said , `` Yes , sir '' .
That had happened on the day when two other unusual things had occurred .
In matters of exact information , that kept her one step behind developments ; ;
`` What is it '' ? ?
Asked the children , whose reflexes and replies were invariably so admirably normal and predictable .
Maybe that was why they were cordial and loyal towards the unpredictability of Arlene .
And when they had got to their little lawn , they had had a most twirlingly magnificent time .
They had protested that that wasn't any surprise .
One of the many things that was so nice about her was that she always took your questions seriously , particularly your very , very serious questions .
Those were especially the ones that all other grownups laughed at loudest .
`` Now '' , said Arlene , eventually , making them both sit in formation on a big root of a live oak , the sort of root that divided itself and made their bottoms sag down and feel comfortable .
`` Now , we're going to be like what General Burnside and his horse make us think of '' .
Then , Arlene threw herself backwards and wiggled in a way that was just wonderful .
`` Imagine being able to laugh and wink when you're like the top part of that picture frame at home '' , one of them said .
`` I'm General Burnside's horse , upside down '' , Arlene said , sort of gaspingly , for her : even she had to breathe kind of funny when she was in that position .
She made General Burnside's horse's belly do so funny when it was upside down .
Then , she was back on her feet , winking and smiling that enormous smile ( she had lots of wonderful big teeth that you never would have suspected she had when she was not smiling ) .
`` This time '' , Arlene said , and she even kept on wiggling a little bit while she was just talking , `` you're going to tell me what I am and what I'm doing .
they could tell exactly what it was .
Their father , when he came back from those many business trips , just bumped their mother on the forehead with his lips and asked if anybody had thought to mix the martinis and put them in the electric icebox .
He never could keep still , even when he didn't move his feet .
And Arlene showed them how to begin .
That helped a lot .
They also caught on a little bit on how to smile a lot without your lips trembling .
That helped a great deal .
but he said it too soon , for it came out just before the tap to which the door responded .
She would try to see over the bulge of her cheeks and somewhat under her teeth to the place where she was biting .
Also , when she had bitten off half of the small radish , she found the suspense unbearable ; ;
and she would snatch the finger-held half of the radish out to where she could inspect it .
I have no notion why I reached .
for she knew and we knew that it was cowardice that had made one more radish that night just too impossible a strain .
nobody could have told why .
When he had left , I could never remember whether he had poked them in their middles , laughingly , with a thick index finger or whether he was merely so much the sort of person who did this that one assumed the action , not bothering to look .
They were pushed gently into the room by Arlene -- whose only part appearing were hands that crept quickly back around to the kitchen side of the door .
`` Tell Mr. Gorboduc what you're doing these days '' , my mother advised the children , ceremonially .
Usually , this was done when attention was diverted by someone else's long , boring story .
`` Tell me -- what do you do at the park '' ? ?
`` You what '' ? ?
`` You what '' ? ?
The story opens on the eve of his fifty-third birthday , as he prepares for the two weeks of festivities that are to follow .
He at once cancels the celebrations and , buckling on his scimitar , stumbles blindly from the house , where he is hit and killed by a passing oxcart .
An unusual , if not extraordinary , rendering of the classic myth that involves the rescue of Prometheus from the rock by the U.S. Cavalry was given last week in the warehouse of the Albany Leather Conduit Company amid cheers of `` Hubba hubba '' and `` Yalagaloo pip pip '' ! !
The night he saw it , a rather unpleasant situation arose when the soloist refused to approach the armadillo , complaining -- in ad-lib -- that `` it smelled '' .
For example , probably very few people know that the word `` visrhanik '' that is bantered about so much today stems from the verb `` bouanahsha '' : to salivate .
The breeze and chancellor Neitzbohr , a movie melodrama that concerns the attempts of a West German politician to woo a plaster cast of the Apollo Belvedere .
For example , when the film is only four minutes old , Neitzbohr refers to a small , Victorian piano stool as `` Wilhelmina '' , and we are thereupon subjected to a flashback that informs us that this very piano stool was once used by an epileptic governess whose name , of course , was Doris ( the English equivalent , when passed through middle-Gaelic derivations , of Wilhelmina ) .
For the remainder of the movie , Chancellor Neitzbohr proceeds to lash the piano stool with a slat from a Venetian blind that used to hang in the pre-war Reichstag .
And , when the slat finally shatters , we see him count the fragments , all the while muttering , `` He loves me , he loves me not '' .
After a few tortuous moments of wondering who `` he '' is , the camera pans across the room to the plaster statue , and we realize that Neitzbohr is trying to redeem himself in the eyes of a mute piece of sculpture .
Those persons who were lucky enough to see and hear the performance of his work at the Brest-Silevniov Festival in August , 1916 , will certainly welcome his return to public notice ; ;
As he leads the Neurenschatz Skolkau Orchestra , Schlek gives a tremendously inspired performance of both the Baslot and Rattzhenfuut concertos , including the controversial Tschilwyk cadenza , which was included at the conductor's insistence .
For the last two years , this frontier of the arts has produced a number of so-called `` non-dramas '' which have left indelible , bittersweet impressions on the psyche of this veteran theatregoer .
The innocence that they tried to conceal at the beginning is clearly destroyed forever when one of them , asking for a piece of lemon-meringue pie , gets a plate of English muffins instead .
Aging but still precocious , French feline enfant terrible Francoisette Lagoon has succeeded in shocking jaded old Paris again , this time with a sexy ballet scenario called The Lascivious Interlude , the story of a nymphomaniac trip-hammer operator who falls hopelessly in love with a middle-aged steam shovel .
Done in the modern style of a `` confession '' , Fink tells in exquisite detail how he came to know , and , more important , love his mother's pet salamander , Alicia .
Max , in a fit of despair , takes Alicia and runs off for two marvelous weeks in Burbank ( Fink calls it `` the most wonderful and lovely fourteen days in my whole life '' ) , at the end of which Alicia tragically contracts Parkinson's disease and dies .
This brief resume hardly does the book justice , but I heartily recommend it to all those who are engages with the major problems of our time .
Fing , a lean , chiseled , impeccable gentleman of the old school who was once mistaken on the street for Sir Cedric Hardwicke , is responsible for the rediscovery of Verdi's earliest , most raucous opera , Nabisco , a sumptuous bout-de-souffle with a haunting leitmotiv that struck me as being highly reminiscent of the Mudugno version of `` Volare '' .
Cause of all this commotion : squat , pug-nosed , balding , hopelessly ugly Jean-Pierre Bravado , a Bogartian figure , who plays a sadistic , amoral , philosophic Tasti-Freeze salesman in old New-Waver Fredrico de Mille Rossilini's endlessly provocative film , A Sour Sponge .
( Norman Mailer ) , but no one can deny that the screen crackles with electricity whenever he is on it .
The battle of the drib-drool continues , but most of New York's knowing sophisticates of Abstract Expressionism are stamping their feet impatiently in expectation of V ( for Vindication ) Day , September first , when Augustus Quasimodo's first one-man show opens at the Guggenheim .
And it is thought by many who think about such things that Quasimodo is the logical culmination of a school that started with Monet , progressed through Kandinsky and the cubist Picasso , and blossomed just recently in Pollock and De Kooning .
Quasimodo defines his own art as `` the search for what is not there '' .
It is his relentlessness and unwaivering adherence to this revolutionary artistic philosophy that has enabled him to paint such pictures as `` The Invasion of Cuba '' .
I asked Quasimodo recently how he accomplished this , and he replied that he had painted his model `` a beautiful shade of red and then had her breathe on the canvas '' , which was his typical tongue-in-cheek way of chiding me for my lack of sensitivity .
Dear Sirs : Let me begin by clearing up any possible misconception in your minds , wherever you are .
The collective by which I address you in the title above is neither patronizing nor jocose but an exact industrial term in use among professional thieves .
It is , I am reliably given to understand , the technical argot for those who engage in your particular branch of the boost ; ;
i.e. , burglars who rob while the tenants are absent , in contrast to hot-slough prowlers , those who work while the occupants are home .
My object , rather , is to alert you to an aspect or two of the affair that could have the gravest implications for you , far beyond the legal sanctions society might inflict .
Hastening to the attic , the temperature of which was easily hotter than the Gold Coast , you proceeded to mask the windows with a fancy wool coverlet , some khaki pants , and the like , and to ransack the innumerable boxes and barrels stored there .
What you were looking for ( unless you make a hobby of collecting old tennis rackets and fly screens ) eludes me , but to judge from phonograph records scattered about a fumed-oak Victrola .
You danced two tangos and a paso doble , which must have been fairly enervating in that milieu .
Rummaging through a stack of drawers nearby , you unearthed an antique French chess set in ivory and sandalwood , which , along with two box Kodaks , you added to your haul .
So much for the tiresome facts , as familiar to you , I'm sure , as to the constables and state troopers who followed in your wake .
Fourteen of the sculptures you took possess properties of a most curious and terrifying nature , as you will observe when your limbs begin to wither and your hair falls out in patches .
All this , though , is simply a prelude , a curtain-raiser , for what ensues , and I doubt whether any Occidental could accurately forecast it .
Well , ordinarily he is , except ( as the Wheel of the Law specifies ) toward impious folk who steal , disturb , or maltreat the Presence .
They hail from Travancore , a state in the subcontinent where Kali , the goddess of death , is worshiped .
Whosoever violates our rooftree , the legend states , can expect maximal sorrow .
In that case , listen to what befell another wisenheimer who tangled with our joss .
A couple of years back , I occupied a Village apartment whose outer staircase contained the type of niche called a `` coffin turn '' .
Our suspicions eventually centered , by the process of elimination , on a grocer's boy , a thoroughly bad hat , who delivered cartons to the people overhead .
Well , the odious little toad went along chivying animals and humans who couldn't retaliate , and in due course , as was inevitable , overreached himself .
And how right she was .
Some sort of nemesis was haunting his footsteps , he told us in a quavering voice -- either an ape specter or Abe Spector , a process-server , we couldn't determine which .
His eyes had the same dreadful rigid stare as Dr. Grimesby Roylott's when he was found before his open safe wearing the speckled band .
The grocery the youth worked for soon tired of his depressing effect on customers , most of whom were sufficiently neurotic without the threat of incubi , and let him go .
He evolved programs that plumbed new depths of bathos and besmirched whole networks , and quickly superseded his boss .
However one looks at it , therefore , I'd say that your horoscope for this autumn is the reverse of rosy .
She was a living doll and no mistake -- the blue-black bang , the wide cheekbones , olive-flushed , that betrayed the Cherokee strain in her Midwestern lineage , and the mouth whose only fault , in the novelist's carping phrase , was that the lower lip was a trifle too voluptuous .
From what I was able to gauge in a swift , greedy glance , the figure inside the coral-colored boucle dress was stupefying .
