Regarding Atlanta's new multi-million-dollar airport , the jury recommended `` that when the new management takes charge Jan. 1 the airport be operated in a manner that will eliminate political influences '' .
Despite the warning , there was a unanimous vote to enter a candidate , according to Republicans who attended .
When the crowd was asked whether it wanted to wait one more term to make the race , it voted no -- and there were no dissents .
When the gubernatorial campaign starts , Caldwell is expected to become a campaign coordinator for Byrd .
Barber , who is in his 13th year as a legislator , said there `` are some members of our congressional delegation in Washington who would like to see it ( the resolution ) passed '' .
The resolution , which Barber tossed into the House hopper Friday , will be formally read Monday .
But questions with which committee members taunted bankers appearing as witnesses left little doubt that they will recommend passage of it .
An adverse vote of 81 to 65 kept in the State Affairs Committee a bill which would order the referendum on the April 4 ballot , when Texas votes on a U.S. senator .
When the shouting ended , the bill passed , 114 to 4 , sending it to the Senate , where a similar proposal is being sponsored by Sen. George Parkhouse of Dallas .
Rep. Henry C. Grover , who teaches history in the Houston public schools , would reduce from 24 to 12 semester hours the so-called `` teaching methods '' courses required to obtain a junior or senior high school teaching certificate .
The volume of ADC cases will decrease , Martin reported , when the community is able to deal effectively with two problems : Relatively limited skills and discrimination in employment because of color .
`` What this amounts to , if true , is that there will be a free-for-all fight in this case .
After reading his statement discharging the 23d ward case , Karns told Wexler that if the seven cases scheduled for trial also involved persons who had been subpenaed , he would dismiss them .
The aged care plan carries these benefits for persons over 65 who are under the social security and railroad retirement systems : 1
In the case of Portugal , which a few weeks ago was rumored ready to walk out of the NATO Council should critics of its Angola policy prove harsh , there has been a noticeable relaxation of tension .
How effective have Kennedy administration first foreign policy decisions been in dealing with Communist aggression ? ?
and concentrate its constructive efforts on eliminating in other parts of Latin America the social conditions on which totalitarian nationalism feeds '' .
The pro-Western government , which the United States had helped in a revolt against the Souvanna Phouma `` neutralist '' government , never did appear to spark much fighting spirit in the Royal Lao Army .
If the administration ever had any ideas that it could find an acceptable alternative to Prince Souvanna Phouma , whom it felt was too trusting of Communists , it gradually had to relinquish them .
The statutes , similar in both the Bay State and Rhode Island and dating back in some instances to colonial times , severely limit the types of merchandise that may be sold on the Sabbath .
Mr. Reama , who retired as vice president of the American Screw Co. in 1955 said , `` Both parties in the last election told us that we need a five per cent growth in the gross national product -- but neither told us how to achieve it '' .
Indicating the way in which he has turned his back on his 1910 philosophy , Mr. Reama said : `` A Socialist is a person who believes in dividing everything he does not own '' .
His reference to ' discredited carcass ' or ' tattered remains ' of the president's leadership is an insult to the man who led our forces to victory in the greatest war in all history , to the man who was twice elected overwhelmingly by the American people as president of the United States , and who has been the symbol to the world of the peace-loving intentions of the free nations .
County Supervisor Weldon R. Sheets , who is a candidate for the Democratic gubernatorial nomination , today called for an end to paper ballots in those counties in the state which still use them .
Calling the Democrats the `` party that lives , breathes and thinks for the good of the people '' , Hughes asked , `` a representative Democratic vote in the primary for a springboard toward victory in November '' .
The outgoing members , whose four-year terms will expire a week after the April 18 primary election , received carved wooden elephants , complete with ivory tusks , to remember the state committee by .
A political scientist writes of the growth of `` alienated voters '' , who `` believe that voting is useless because politicians or those who influence politicians are corrupt , selfish and beyond popular control .
What could rescue the bill would be some quick progress on a bill amending the National Defense Education Act of 1958 .
When he protested , the hotel owner said :
`` Why do you worry ? ?
Within an easy walk from Capitol Hill where Pennsylvania Avenue comes together with Constitution Avenue , begins a series of great federal buildings , some a block long and all about seven-stories high .
Along this avenue which saw marching soldiers from the War Between the States returning in 1865 is the National Archives building where hundreds of thousands of this country's most valuable records are kept .
-- What does 1961 offer in political and governmental developments in Mississippi ? ?
There are many who predict that should Barnett decide to call the Legislature back into special session , it will really throw his administration into a scramble .
Now , the picture is clouded , and even US Sens. James O. Eastland and John C. Stennis , who remained loyal to the ticket , are uncertain of their status .
City Finance Director Richard J. McConnell indorsed the higher fees , which , he said , had been under study for more than a year .
It was generally agreed that the subject was important and the board should be informed on what was done , is going to be done and what it thought should be done .
`` In this light we need 1,000 churches in Illinois , where we have 200 ; ;
-- Surrounding pioneer pastors with vocational volunteers ( laymen , who will be urged to move into the area of new churches in the interest of lending their support to the new project ) .
When he was inducted into the Army at Fort Knox , Ky. , Hansen's weight had dropped to 180 -- `` too light for me to be at my best '' he said .
But ask coach Darrell Royal what position he plays and you'll get the quick response , `` place-kicker '' .
their total passing yardage in three games , 447 on 30 completions in 56 attempts , is only 22 yards short of their total passing yardage in 1959 , when they made 469 on 37 completions in 86 tries .
It was the first time we've been ahead this season ( when John Richey kicked what proved to be the winning field goal ) '' .
She said , when she learned Jackie was heading home : `` I'm just speculating , but I have to think Jack feels he's hurting Boston's chances '' .
Just when it seems baseball might be losing its grip on the masses up pops heroics to start millions of tongues to wagging .
And so it was over the weekend what with 40-year-old Warren Spahn pitching his no-hit masterpiece against the Giants and the Giants' Willie Mays retaliating with a record-tying 4-homer spree Sunday .
The spectacular Mays , who reaches a decade in the big leagues come May 25 , joined six other sluggers who walloped four home runs in a span of nine innings .
When he was unable to bring about immediate expansion , he sought to convince another National League club to move here .
Arnold's iron shot from the tee burrowed into the bunker guarding the green , an embankment that had become soft and spongy from the rains , thereby bringing local rules into force .
The club that overcame the worst start in a comparable period to win the pennant was New York's '51 Giants , who dropped 11 of their first 13 .
The two top talents of the time , Mickey Mantle and Willie Mays , have hit the ball harder and more successfully so far this early season than at any period in careers which , to be frank about it , never have quite reached expectations .
Mantle , the bull-necked blond switch-hitter , had one sensational triple-crown season , 1959 , when he batted and also led the American League in home runs , 52 , and rbi's , 130 .
Young Peter Wendell , a student at the Westminster school , has measles , and his sister , Mrs. Andrew Thomas , and her husband , who live in Missoula , Mont. , have a new baby .
The Burkes , who now live in Kankakee , are telling friends of the engagement .
He will be coming here on business in December , when the wedding is to take place in Wayne .
Nobody's mentioned it , but when ol' Casey Stengel takes over as boss of the New York Mets , he'll be the only baseballight ever to wear the uniform of all New York area clubs , past and present : Yankees , Dodgers , Giants , and now the Mets .
`` Mom '' Marr , as the more than 80 men at the center call her , is the link that helps to bridge the gulf between alcoholics and the outside world and between parolees and society .
No matter how many Americans go abroad in summer , probably a hundred times as many gas up the family car , throw suitcases , kids and comic books in the back seat , and head for home .
And where is `` home '' , that magic place of the heart ? ?
Home is where a man was born , reared , went to school and , most particularly , where grandma is .
That made up for the `` best '' motel in Norman , Okla. , where the proprietor knocked $2 off the $8.50 tab when we found ants in the pressed-paper furniture .
Besides the bundle centers where contributions may be made there will be facilities at Philmont Country Club for those who would like to bring the bundles on the night of the party .
Col. Clifton Lisle , of Chester Springs , who headed the Troop Committee for much of its second and third decades , is now an honorary member .
When this and other units combined to form the present group , it was taken on as a continuing fund-raiser .
When the Achaeans entertained Wednesday last at their annual Carnival masquerade ball , Miss Margaret Pierson was chosen to rule over the festivities , presented at the Muncipal Auditorium and chosen as her ladies in waiting were Misses Clayton Nairne , Eleanor Eustis , Lynn Chapman , Irwin Leatherman of Robinsonville , Miss. and Helene Rowley .
Mrs. Clayton Nairne , whose daughter , was among the court maids , chose a deep greenish blue lace gown .
Mrs. Fenwick Eustis , whose daughter was also a maid to the queen , wore an ashes of roses slipper satin gown .
The disagreement was over what Dr. Jenkins had said at a previous session and how his remarks appeared in the minutes presented at the following meeting .
When arrested , he had the submarine secrets on a roll of candid camera film as well as anti-submarine secrets in Christmas gift wrapping , it was testified .
Just how many sub secrets were being handed over when the ring , watched for six months , was broken remained untold .
When 51st Street was reached , Robinson related , he stopped the bus and told the youths he was going to call the CTA supervisor .
The defendant , William L. Stickney 3 , 23 , of 3211 Park pl. , Evanston , who pleaded guilty to reckless driving , also was ordered by Judge James Corcoran to attend the Evanston traffic school each Tuesday night for one month .
Patrolman James F. Simms said he started in pursuit when he saw young Stickney speeding north in Stewart Avenue at Central Street .
When the verdict came in against his young neighbor , Hengesbach said :
Funeral services for Mrs. Kowalski and her daughter , Christine , 11 , who died of burns at the same hospital Monday , have been scheduled for 10 a.m. tomorrow in St. Anne's Catholic Church , 31978 Mound , in Warren .
There also were reports of a collection at the County Line Elementary School , 3505o Dequindre , which has been attended this year by four of the Kowalski children including Christine .
`` When and if it can do so without jeopardizing constitutional and statutory tax-exemption privileges essential to the maintenance of its educational program and facilities , Emory University will consider applications of persons desiring to study or work at the University without regard to race , color or creed , continuing university policy that all applications shall be considered on the basis of intellectual and moral standards and other criteria designed to assure the orderly and effective conduct of the university and the fulfillment of its mission as an institution of Christian higher education '' .
When police arrived the man was still violent , Slate said .
Mrs. Mary Self , who knows more than any other person about the 5,000 city employes for whom she has kept personnel records over the years , has closed her desk and retired .
